Hello World,
    So as half my life, I have been considered a lay advocate. I know and understand Federal Laws, Policies, Guidelines. Being in Prison for 12 years, you have to learn these just to ensure you have some sort of rights while in custody.
    Now being being a free man, getting clean, I have witnessed so much in my efforts to get clean. This story you are about to Read is the Honest TRUTH. I have been to three rehabs that have resorted to sick and sadistic ways. The first, I have mentioned in several blogs and am currently in Federal Court pursuing civil matters, trying to make this a Public Issue to make People Aware. The one thing you don't want in Recovery, is to have staff treat you some type of way. Emotions play a Major role in our recovery.
   Well aside from my First one, the third one I went to, Leaving the name out for their Protection and Mine. However this Program was more like a flop house, then a Program. One which is controlled so they say by the Insurance Company. The things that went on in here, would make any News Story. As I have notified Digging Deeper immediately when the problems started to arise. Digging Deeper is a undercover journalist program. They sent in their journalist to see what is Truly Going on inside these Programs. 
     First, as with everywhere you have Good Staff, and some well should not be working their. First comparing my insurance bills, several of these workers deliberately charged my insurance for billing hours. Not one of theSe times, did I speak with them? or would I try to. Have you ever had a court date? Well imagine this, you just arrive to a program. You tell them instantly, to contact your attorneys, and to contact the courts. To let them know your in this Program. Sign the papers for the courts to be aware and have access to all records. It took them Two Months, to attempt to do anything. Being lazy, or deliberately being different to me, that is just another story.
    Now while im on this program. As with any place that I have ever been. Staff will all tell you the same. I do more for their clients, being a client then the entire program does. Facts. Well one of the female staff, started to get deliberately mean with me. Why, because I wouldn't mess around with her. Very professional right??
   At the same time, several Higher Up Employees, were constantly being cruel to all the patients around me. Resorting at times, to literally making some of them cry, and break down on Tears. Now by asking Sobriety related Questions. But purposely being deliberately different towards them. Letting one go to the store. Telling the other No, for no apparent reason.
   Well as I understand the grievance process, I informed the patients that the Staff has No Right in order to treat US, or anyone else this way. Several times, I witnessed the staff trying to fight the Patients. Swear To God. 🙏 
    Well now after filing my first grievance due to the female I mentioned above starting to deliberately get mean with me. Writing me up on bogus reports, because I speak my mind and won't spend time with her. Best descion ever. Now things start to get worse. Same as with my Landmark case, staff start to split up in their descions. Some agreeing and sticking up with me the entire way. I went to these Programs for myself, I'm leaving By Myself. But how much can a Person, let alone in Treatment take?
    So the problems continue to keep getting worse. I have a really job, clean, and as I always have been, if someone asks me for Help, I will. Swear to God, I was volunteering at the Habitat For Humanity, just to help and Give back. I got sober, my own way. Learned myself, better then any AI.
    Well I'm saving up to get my life back on Track, and in college currently at this time.Well now doing laundry, the same BS female working, I go upstairs come down 20 minutes later, 3 pairs of my Brand new jeans were cut all the way up. I have done laundry in this washer a million times. I have witnesses for all of this said above. Certain staff will agree on this.
    Well one of the Head ladies, which honestly at the start she did me a blessing. But then as we all learn, you can't judge a Book by its cover. Well being a retired addict, and knowing my triggers. The staff were forcing me into predicuments to where I felt extremely uncomfortable. But unlike with everyone else, that if they mention anything they don't have to go. But of course, they feel they can get away with anything on me. Deliberately being different towards me once again. Some of their staff, that recently quit, will verify everything.
    Now it is coming to the final few weeks of this Program. In a rehab they are supposed to help you find placement, find a ride, schedule your ride home. It is their Job and duty to help provide these things, or avenues to achieve your desired Goal. Not once did they attempt anything. And this is not just the case with me. This is with everyone that goes into this Program. As with any place, the clients will always have mixed descriptions on how they feel. Rumor has it, they are about to get sued over similar matters.
     Well it is coming close to my final day their. For some reason, they are saying I can't go to work. Now I am trying to get all my problems taken care of. And they gave me the ultimatum, you have to miss work, or leave this Program. Basically putting me in a predicument, to where it is a negative on either end. I need the job, to a hire a better attorney because the ACLU never responds. Or leave the program that has been doing me bogus Since Day 1. Note: They purposely kept me in a room with two people getting High. This is Rehab. They purposely wrote me up, for catching someone on Camera another patient coming into my Rooma dn Kitchen stealing my roommate food. Deliberately Different. The their imagine this, one of the case workers used to Get High with his Mom. This guy was getting High inside the Program, stealing from everyone in every apartment. But I get wrote up for capturing him on my hidden device . Now remember this is a Rehab, No Cameras inside the place, and basically all female staff to male patients . A story for a different day. 
    Now with all of these Problems, I kept their case worker/counselorsl aware of this. Turns out, not one of my grievances made it outside this house. Not one got Heard by someone over this final one, I am about to talk about.
    Now in my time, I have been in Prison I have seen racism from every point of view. At times Blacks hate whites, vice versa. And friends will brake the law, to help defend their friends. This is the case on what I'm about to mention. I am on Suboxone. This medication has saved my life, and to me it is a blessing. Having 95% of my child good friends dieing from overdoeses, murder this medication is what saved me.
     Now I just got told basically I have to Quit my job. I just got a prescription refill, a week prior to this. As my Doctor at the time and secretary will verify. I keep people aware, if I use someone it would only be to call as a witness. Well I choose my job, or so I thought. So I told them, basically the Truth. IDK what yal think your doing, or what you think you can get away with. But I already started filing reports, filing avenues to get them audited, Telling the Honest To God's Truth. Remember my Grandparents started Churches all over the 🌎. Righteousness runs through my Blood. Well the night before, one of the staff told me that the girls were on BS with me. Why? Because I know my rights, and IDC who you are, your not going to treat me some type of way, just because I used to get high. Technically I'm more certified to do their Job then everyone working their, except for One counselor, who I never had Problems with. Well waiting to get my medicine, imagine this some how pills were outside of a bottle. Remember this medication is in their Protection. And the Staff, the Head Lady flushed it all. Day I'm getting released, and the one medication that keeps me sober, in Full Sport mind and body, that if you don't have it, the withdrawals last for months. Compare it to COVID, closet thing you can.
     Well this lady, refuses to call my Doctor and get me a new prescription. Staff will verify this. This lady stated, to have another staff, call my doctor. I have No Id Card, nothing. Every time they went ot the license Branch, imagine this they always left a couple of us back. Even when we repeatedly tell them what we need done. Well all of the staff, fearing they will get blamed for this, or so they say. All refused to get my Prescription. I went to my Dr and explained. and He said because they have custody of this, they can't repprescribe my medicine. I went into severe withdrawals, as I have been on this medication for years. This cost my job, my housing everything. You can't make it to work, when your puking and having diarrhea every five minutes.
    As I left that day, I told them the Truth. I'm filing anything and everything I can, the Two top office people Do Not Deserve their Jobs. 3 of them like I stated, charged my insurance hundreds of hours, and never once did a Single Thing. Still to this day, I am debating on making this a Federal Matter.
    But the problems continue to come. After this my email account, kept acting very strange. Well this email I created at this Program. It was only linked at one time to one System their. I purposely erased it, as I am a Cyber Security Specialist. But this Business also has several Admins as well. Google Ones Matter of Fact.
   Now knowing they know my true intentions, this company called "The Hamilton Center" I thought was a Problem pushed away. But we all know a Temporary Patch is just a temporary solution. Slowly as the time has gone, while I am still working actively on my recovery, my email has slowly been getting attacked. My Systems, have slowly been getting attacked. Now could this be even more retaliation against me? Such as my First Bounty, when it got stolen it stated Retaliation across the Board. Now being ethical on soany different things, I could snoop around and see if I could pin point anything. But today, I started to think who would have the most benefit in attacking me?? My pending suit in Federal Court, I got shot at randomly in Michigan City one day, by a vehicle with South Bend License Plate, I contacted my lawsuit lawyer to inform him immediately that IDK who it was, but that's the only thing that makes since. Now however with my constant attacks going on in my system, and knowing several of the IP ranges near Both rehabs, the later one I am mentioning in this article does have Google Admins, everything is Google. I don't know what they know, and IDGF either. But with my education in college, I am supposed to be able to put patterns and odd behaviors together. And that is what this exactly for. And as each one of these New Problems arise, this technically adds another 2 years if I choose to pursue these matters. However, even in my current law suit, it's not about the money at all. It's about the pain and suffering I had to go through, the pain and suffering hundreds of others have gone through. Now with all of this being said, I have to start really piecing pieces together. 
   And with this being said, maybe one of you might have some expertise in these fields. As I'm getting attacked, having to proxy that email to receive my emails, and None of my VRP reports getting honored or looked at, I may need another expert to help take a better look. Not afraid to admit this, but if it is either one this will help my case or cases significantly. And I believe I def can trace some things back.
    But I am also writing this, so everyone knows what a addict has to face when trying to get clean. You go to half these rehabs, and they treat you worse then the Prisons you were locked up in. They lie, steal, rip off our insurance or grant providers, all while we are trying to get help. I learned the only way to get help,nis to help yourself. That is how I got cleaned, nothing I learned in any Program got me clean, Psychology courses, books, made me look at Life in a completely different way. But when you have a loved one who tries to get clean, fights these addictions and they tell you about the BS inside these Programs, believe them. You would never believe it, but it's the truth. I don't know if they get a kick out of hurting addicts, knowing at least thinking they can get away with anything. This is not the Case. We all have Rights, No matter what we have done. Change is Possible, I am Proof of the that in the craziest ways imaginable.But these to me, are the stories that need to get out their. Without people knowing, filing reports, filing lawsuits, these things will Never Change.
 