What is a Investment???
   To me a investment is when you loan, sponsor, purchase something or someone that will eventually make your money back and Some. For instance, Webull shares are currently at 13$, give or take. Comparing Webull to Hood, etc it is 60% cheaper currently. In my opinion it is one of the Best aside from my buddies at MooMoo.
   Investments come in no set size or shape. My chat group, knows a little about this Story. So when I first started getting hacked in the Stock Market. Which the data shows it came from a Facebook Account of another Known Hacker from overseas. frfr. But at this time, already being on College for Cyber Security, and spending hundreds of hours on LinkedIn Learning, I wanted to ensure myself, that I would be good enough to Go Public, to start helping, teaching, securing, and testing.
    At this time, I had a little extra money. I took 150$, and went and bought tons of Books. Created by the Best. Well the known ones. I still have yet to read 3-5 of them. But the reason I am saying this, when it comes to investing, sometimes investing in Ourselves, is the Best Bet.
   Never did I Imagine every Report would be Turned Down. Never did I Imagine companies would start to attack me for nothing. But I am saying this, because as Humans we know ourselves better then anyone else. People can say they know something, or know someone but they never Really Do. I choose myself as my final Investment, why? I am dedicated to my passion. I love to code, learn, study Technology. Why?? At least around me, No Body really understands it. They think the Cloud is a ☁️.
    Now we all know to get ahead, we will always make enemies. But don't take this to the heart. If someone starts to do better then you, invest in yourself. Go buy a Book, watch a few Lessons on LinkedIn Learning. 
   To be honest, the first several books I read, are all that just attacks. Nothing else, emergency money making guides.But where is the True Teaching? Where are the explanations for these attacks?? What is the name of that program again??? So many times I've heard my clients ask.
   Today, I am going to teach you "How to Invest In Yourself". First setting aside 5 minutes a day, and doing this every day, you can slowly learn anything. You can slowly go back and restraigze. You have to learn your passion, and then adapt to learn how to make money out of your new found skills.
It is best to pay attention for awhile on what everyone else is doing. What works for them, and what doesn't. Why did that product soar, and the other collapse?? What catches a persona 👁️ for advertising?? What are the laws for your Projects???
   Pen and Paper are the best way to start out. First set all of your goals on paper. Don't Stress or let your Anxiety take over. Break your goals into baby steps. Even if you only code one line a day. Your Project will eventually Build Up. When I got on GitHub years ago, I had no clue what to do, how to make money. Still Learning. But take advantage of this Platform. This is where we get to showcase all of our work, all of our skills. How do you want to be remembered?? Doing something half way, or showing that you are consistent at least doing something every single day.
   We will always get attacked, but when you do. It means your doing something right. Then take that attack, and add to your paper how can I get my audience to respond differently?? What didn't work? In life, Making Enemies will never get you anywhere. Holding Grudges and Hate will never get you anywhere. It takes more energy to build the hatred inside yourself, then to plan and focus to better yourself. 
     So today when you have absolutely nothing to do. Pause, Stop, Think, Breath, what can I do today to make a difference? What can I do today to get known? What can I do today to show off my talents??? Replace the negativity with positivity.
Daily 🦸