Hello World,
   What's crazy both my Grandfather's were Pastors. One started tons of Penecostal Churches all over the World 🌎, not just the US. Then I get in college, and start to see the 🌎 from a different perspective. I remember seeing what I thought churches were like. Seeing how they are supposed to not judge, not label, treat US all as Equals.
   Now I have lived in several different states, traveled a quarter of the US. I have been in million dollar mansions and home up in Chicago, to who are now famous Rappers. Then I have seen the worst in life, to where they will never see another Sunny Day. Add in the Term Deep Fakes, and a Drug Epidemic.
   Being once one of the labels Bad Guys by some. It never got me anywhere, especially holding some of the Values I will never let go.And I left everyone I love ve behind, refusing to call, text to better myself, and get my life back on Track.
  Now sitting here once again, negativity starting to arise. Lie after lie 🤥, comes my way. I learned from my first two finances, when they start a argument out of the blue, they are trying to get rid of you. The words that were just told to my face, made me not want to stay. 
   With all Good things comes sacrifices. My father gave up his Basketball Career for a woman and a relationship that didn't last. Truth be told, I found a city to where in my opinion they are worse then what everyone labels "Gary" a murder capital. But here it's different, everyone strung out. Parents teaching their Kids to Steal. Woman lieing and cheating instead of telling me to leave.
   Trials and Tribulations come from any type of way. Their is no shape or form that can mess up your way. This is the same with the viruses growing out to spread. Lurking every corner, no difference. But the Truth be told, I feel my country has started to loose it ways. Churches coming out talking worst then the criminals they are talking about. Businesses stealing penny and dimes, to keep up from what their clients stole cus they locked the Proper Surveillance.
   People having extra phones, trying to keep the people they said they never lay in bed. Refusing to do the right thing, and be honest about everything going on in their head. I have made a vow to myself, to Never Give Up. That is not for anyone but to myself. Here I am in a relationship to really, I think she has lied to me the entire time. A few minutes ago, the truth came out, and despite how it all seems I know where I'm not welcome. And this is how its starting to seem. But only if they knew what logging and monitoring mean.
    So with this being said, to my visitors from LinkedIN, and everywhere I will tag. I am that Good on Technology, and still have a long way to go, well depending on what it's on. Never had I once figured a relationship to would turn into a suit. Or that someone could just instantly change. But these are things you'll never have to worry from me. If I say something, I'll do it. Despite feelings, I keep it real. Lies don't get anywhere, and a BackDoor into a system, doesn't look good for me. So whatever your looking for just ask. If you want me to Travel, be a full time employee, a contract has to be met. If it is for a small project, it still has to be set in Stone. But they way things just turned, I'm pouring everything into my work, and for testing. 
#DontBeFake