Hello World!
   This morning I have been doing a lot of thinking. How can I help make change, but not for myself but to Help Everyone Out all around the world 🌎. Now trying to keep my Blogs organized, I figured I would start with Essentials that everyone of us should know and have!
    Dr.Web is a Linux Live BootCD. This is my #1 prefer method for manually removing Rootkits. This allows us to get past the Restricted Directories and permissive files, to compare each file with the original snapshot of our System. Using this is a must for Live Attacks.
    Next I will once again talk about Hyden BootCD. This with Dr.Web can repair, build any System. This can cancel the crypto locks and unlock your Door back for your users to get in. This ranges with hundreds of different tools ranging from Partions, Bootloader's, Anti-Virus and so much more. These two programs are definitely worth spending .99¢ for two USBS, to create for the worst type of Situation.
    But we can also use these to Customize our Systems. To give each Directory its own Partiton. We can use this to get deep down inside files with a Graphic Interface, and so much more. 
   Now another good choice is System Rescue, and Parrot Security. Both of these are a little more difficult to use. But in the right hands they can do all the same jobs as those I have mentioned earlier.
  Parrot Security some will honestly say is Better then Kali Linux. Now I have it backed up on USB, but personally I just prefer Linux over them all. I can chroot into any Environment the same as then. But when your system gets hit hard, you have to be ready for anything. This isn't just about protecting your business, your money, this is about being able to ensure your Clients that you can Protect their Data and Information. Speed is essential for Repairs, for Patches and so much more.
   So if you use a computer at work, at home, or your employees do. Make sure your Admin or IT has these handy and on deck. The Truth, I have began to notice, that most people are starting to half-a$$ everything. When it comes to Protection for yourself and your clients, there is Never to Much.
Daily