Hello World,
    The Topic today is essential for everyone of us. This is also Dedicated to my Girl. Only if she used the Task app I built for her. But to be honest, I run into the same situations myself. Jumping or rushing the gun, instead of taking a few minutes to gather up all my thoughts and notes.
   No matter if you are developing, testing, hacking we have to be organized. We have to be prepared. Speed at times, is everything. You go in front of your Boss, looks way better to be able to flip to that exact page, or note, then standing their doing absolutely nothing. But standing their looking confused.
  Calendars, Pad of Paper, Sticky Notes, Text Editors, Alarms, AIs can all keep us on Track. If you get a idea 💡, write it down. If you have a appointment, take that one second and Program it. These tiny things, truly make a difference.
  Now on my line of work, I have been thinking about running Maltego for my Tests. Crawl from Connection to Connection to get a better type of view of what is going on. Poster Boards work the same. Write down your main Goal, break it down into smaller tasks, or mechanisms. Then brake your smaller tasks, into Daily Goals.
  Some of the Best Things ever created, took time. It did not happen in one day, in one second. It takes careful planning, organizing to get ahead. Houses have architecture, so do websites. These are also most of the time, Public Data. You will be surprised what you can do legally. Basically there are Loop Holes in everything.
  So today while your sitting their contemplating on what to build next, what to test. Take your time, and get organized. Prepare so this way, when it is time for that job you can take care of everything. Personally I carry two Red Team Manuals every where I go. I carry a Laptop every where I go. Why? Because despite being the Brokest Dev ever, my energy to get ahead is unlike anything you have seen. Except walking into businesses, 99% of the time, the employees do not know how to get a hold of the Owners. Or they just don't realize the True Potential of Cyber Security.
Daily