Hello World 🌎 
    Crazy the way things work in life. I have been studying for years straight. I would be way past where I am now, if it wasn't for the hundreds of attacks I get all day long. Has been this way for Years.
    Truth be told, this morning something woke me up, Super Early. Coffee ☕ hasn't started yet, my mind hasn't started yet. But with Testing, it is always finding the right combination, or showcasing your Developer Skills. Well, this morning instantly I woke up, sounded like someone was dumping a Cup of Water 🌊🫧💦 in my Air Conditioner.
     So I go start the coffee, and with my recent readings, I'm learning Tools, that I have seen used briefly, but learning all the config files with them, and what they really Can Do. Anyways I sit down while waiting for my Mud. And instantly several new but not new at all, came to mind. Now , I am not def going to say what it is, I'll eventually try to make my own CVE out of my Final Product.
      But I am saying all of this, because there is a thing Called Writer Block. I get it all the time. Most of the time because I have spent Years learning this full time, I pause because when I look at something, my mind breaks it down into pieces, and then it's like 😳, there's 20+ different ways I could do this attack.
      Being the ethical type of guy, Part of me figured well, I am certified for all this, got a College Education, and know LINUX, maybe I won't have to run all the way into someones email, I mean what is a Password Spray Attack for? The Truth, anyone could figure Hydra, John, or one of the Newer Tools on Kali. FYI since I can make Submenus, Subdirectories, etc. I will be making my Own Custom Linux Framework. One day it will be available.
      The Truth however, with Writer Block, this affects millions every single day. Not sure why it really comes, Anxiety, Stress, Rushing, knowing to much as in my case. But when you experience this, don't Panic. Don't Rush. Take a Breather. May be a Day,maybe two but your mind will eventually be able to process the Data.
     This being said, how we treat our Mind and Bodies may affect our Rational Thinking. By this I mean, working out on Breaks, Reading a Book in the Morning such as I do. Writing down your Notes, even copying 🤣😂😂 all the Books that you read, to get better organized for your Clients and Future Jobs.
   This all goes together regardless for the Professionals. By this I mean being Organized is essential. Truth be told, last year I probably came out a little to fast, thinking I already know everything. But on my Opinion, when I have the Best in the World Red Teaming me, to see what I am on today, that should say everything about my Skills.
    But if you start to experience Jet lag, Writers Block, feeling burnt and Tired. Take a Break. Go for a walk. Relax your Mind. They built tools like Maltego, to help us while we are sleeping. The Beautiful Part about Technology, once you get to a Certain Level, there is No Limit to what you can or can't do.
    All I can do is for advice to all the Future Readers towards learning Technology. Read, Read some More, Buy Some Books, Search for Books. The way I think, and to bring a Name not only for myself but for my Business, AI do everything differently. I attempt to make everything customized. Most rules for Bug Bounties state they have to be New Forms of Attacks. But why is it so hard for everyone, to believe that I am that Good??
    Is it because I'm American?? Is it because everyone knows are colleges really Don't Teach Anything?? Truth be told, from my College experience, I get inside a Windows System, no body would have a Chance. Custom Registry, Rules, and enforcements on the Policies such as the Lockout. Which that was how our Labs were in College. Completely different then let's say Hack the Box. Truth, several Years ago in-between one of my classes, I went and ran through the first couple of their Labs. Just Basic Transfers.
     Then all my attacks started to come in, right after that. Not saying them, pretty sure it is a Google employee over is Saudia Arabia frfr. I got my routes of information too. The weird part, like two years back, MalwareByt a and Virus Total 🪲, both caught a Malicious Shell/Malware in my Phones System UI. Spyware. But instead of Factory Resting, I watched it, trying to learn. It took 6 months for it to mutate in one of my devices. Now not a Single Anti-Virus will Pick it up. Scary, knowing how some countries feel about America.
    Truth be told, Have the People I know in my country, would rather switch then houses. We all have them same inner feelings. We all compare our lives, to those we choose to hate. But in all reality, attacking, sabbatogging, destroying, manipulating doesn't help out any of us. Worst case you end up locked up, or the Government Goons come after you.
    But if you take your Teachings and Studies seriously. Pick up a Book instead of making a Threat. One day, you might get that life you want. Some people will always get the Easy Free Way. Others such as myself, have to work harder, study day in and day out, praying that we eventually get ahead. But at the end of the day for both of those routes, reward in different ways.
    Hard Work and Dedication, worst case like on my Position, I know everything now, so worst case I'll go build a AI with every place that I can, until I find investors. Worst case, I'll study to ensure People have to Honor my Big Bounties. The other way, only hurts us in the long run. Not only affecting us, but our loved ones as well.
     Before this gets to long, and to far from my Key-Point, Just remember Never Give Up. Courses, Books, Blogs, Bibles, Korans, etc were all put here For a Reason. For us to Know and Better Understand. So if you start to struggle, take a 15 minutes Brake. Go get reorganized. Nothing is wrong with Research. Going back through Notes. Any Boss who tells you that is Unacceptable, shouldn't be a Boss. We are Human, we forget, we get writers block, stressed, anxiety, freeze up. But the Moment you Quit, there is No Going Back.
Daily