    I choose today's topic to be about Books 📚. Most people run when they here this word. But these can also be a blessing for the true students wishing to get a jump ahead. We are Humans, by nature we will forget. Books,bare the one resource, that we can always go back and read, make notes of off, etc.
   Now there are thousands of different types of Books. We can basically ask any AI to give us a list of Authors and Titles for whatever we are wishing to study. Truth be told, 5 of the books that I currently own, and still have to read, were recommended by Gemini. However, truth be told the best Books that I have read yet, related to Technology were Free 
   Now this repo is about Network Repairs. I purposely copied page for page, on every single one of my CSCU Books. I even copied the books for my Future college courses. Which a Blessing, because The University of Phoenix, randomly kicked me out one day. After I was already approved by the Feds to get my Bachelor's Degree. Crazy the way life works, to many people and business are deliberately different towards all of us. Never trying to take the time to truly get to know a person, they judge and blame instead of compassion and trying to understand.
    Now most of you, may be similar to me on the financial end. Some of these books cost a lot of Money. Truth be told, if you search hard enough on the Web, you will find a free version of almost any Book. A trick that I have taught myself, when reading anything, if you have follow up questions, we are Blessed to be able to ask any AI, for the answer. We can ask then to further explain the topic. 
    By nature these AIs, don't and won't tell you everything. They have rule sets. However, we can bypass this. First after a AI,gives you a answer. Ask for a more advanced version. Then do your readings. Come back with a few questions. Then ask it for expert opinion. Then continue this process, and you will be surprised on your final answers.
    Wikipedia is another awesome resource. This not only can help explain, teach, but offers valuable references we can use to search out new books and authors. For example, I was on their yesterday, researching more on Bash. I started snooping through all the different resources, and BAM. Found a Book published by Google on BASH. A blessing for me, as I am trying to Fully Learn this Unique Language.
   Libraries will also contain all the books that we are seeking our. This is another way to get our readings, and not have to spend a Single Dime, while growing our knowledge and future careers. In this 🌎, to where everyone will tell you something is impossible. Do Not Listen to them, instead go pick up a Book. You'll be surprised what you can Learn For Free.
   A healthy habit, not to overwhelm yourself. Is to just read for 5-10 minutes a day. Read on your lunch break. First thing in the morning with your Coffee." A journey of a Thousand Miles begins with a Single Step, Lao Tzu"
   