    Have you ever noticed something strange acting with your Phone? Notice your computer isn't running as smoothly?? Notice that your screen just Flashed several Times??
    Well today we are Blessed to have these things called a "Artificial Intelligence". Now never trust one of these fully. I have gotten sent of by Gemini, several times. If I wouldn't of had Prior knowledge, it would've been a Open Back-Door into my System. However their are hundreds of different AI's we can Choose from.
  Normally I would be using Gemini, however mine no longer works at all. I honestly thought about going to check the API. But found Better Alternative Versions to keep me satisfied while I am in my Personal Studies. But these Tricks and Tips, I am about to tell you, will usually work with almost any AI.
  First when talking to these Machines. We have to remember, they are here to serve us. It is always best to be completely honest with them. Give them a Much Detail as Possible. Let's say you are having issues trying to get to a website. Explain the problem to your preference of AI. And then their Problem Solving will try to Help You. Now most of the time, when dealing with a AI, you have to have some Prior Knowledge. But using one is a Great Starting Point, especially for Debugging with the likes of GitHub Copilot.
   Now if the AI, gives you a response you don't understand. Ask it to brake it down into pieces. Ask it to Teach you, or Create a Self-Help Guide on your Issue. Now remember, Cyber Attacks are Up 150% this year, just on Androids. This being said, when it comes to Technical Details, always seek a Second Opinion. Or ask the AI to provide links to websites that will offer educational resources.
  This is just a little bit of what these Programs can do for you. I use AIs on almost everything Technology. But at the same time being a Expert, I can instantly when someone is on my AI Endpoint, or like now, to where it won't answer a Single Question. But while my problems are irrelevant to yours , each AI offers a different personality, a different code , a different answer. This does not mean one is better then the next. There can always be multiple ways to fix or repair anything.
   But in the near future this Repo, will soon slowly become your One Stop Shop for your Repair Needs. And Yes,I am Proud to say, I will use a AI half the time. But what I teach, doesn't come from any AI. It comes from personal struggles, surfing onslaught Cyber Attacks in everyone of my Systems, a College Education, and Books Galore, not includint all my Open-Source Teachings. But most of these would not of been Possible, without some sort of AI helping guide my way, for that one single Question, that I have no one to ask. But Now we have these Machines that can help guide us for any Task, or automate it for Us. So today, if you are one of the Few that are against AIs, their should be No Fear. We are Human , and it is impossible for us to know everything. But with a little knowledge, these AIs can help guide out way to Achieve the Impossible, To Achieve our Goals and Dreams. It is not about one person, it is about All the Breakthroughs they will Bring!
Daily
   