Good Afternoon,
    Once again, got hit. What's crazy, I know exactly what and where these came from, the site they were linked to, and the tools I downloaded. Instead of going to the Actual Site. In one of my books, did a metasploit install, and instantly new it was the wrong descion. It immediately didn't have the correct Key-Ring. Haters
    Worst Part is I had enough to put the puzzle 🧩 together, and would've got my Legacy, smh. Always another Day. For those of you who are newer to Testing, newer to Technology, here are some Tips and Tricks to help you Monitor your System and Observe file changes.
   First it is always wise to have a ~/Script folder. This is essential for Quick Security Scans. Python is my preferred Security, however the System I am on currently Sucks Terribly for Python. You have to break every System Package.
   Now let's go over some basic System commands to will help any of us out. First "ss -a", this is a command to Check for Socket Activity. Their are a variety of ways to kill Processes, however I always compare these results with "grep | ps aux". This command shows all your running Processes and History of past Ones.
  Their are a Variety of tools we can use to help Capture our Attackers, and a Variety of Gov or Non Government platforms, we can file our Reports. Depending on your Nature, and the severity of the attacks some are Better then None. I am currently helping out several of the Major Internet Companies around my area, watch and Monitor all Server Activities. Unlike most of Us, I'm a Paper Pusher. Hacking to me, and probably most of you is just fun and Games. But their comes to a time, when it goes to a Deeper Level, and becomes a nuisance.
    Now the Security I can really do, going into a Paranoid mode, I never do my devices. For instance, I purposely have outside groups monitoring my data, my network? Why? So one contract Ends, and I slide up on it 😉. It gets to the point, if your repeating attacks against someone that isn't in a Big Program. And the Truth is I have had my identity Stolen.Try to use mine, your not making it out or in any country 🤣. Facts
    But where I'm at, I understand people need money, that's what these Bug Bounties programs are designed to be For. However in my case, Google won't follow their Policies. And then they send my payments to a company that isn't even their Security, and doing this without my Authorization. And if this is happening to me, it's happening to thousands of others. Just because a Person is a Hacker, that does not mean we aren't or can't be Professional. But by some of These Programs and Businesses not honor their Own Rules and Policies, it is just going to open up the Door for more Little People to get Attacked. Makes no Since.
   But the two Little commands I gave you, that is a Start. I will train and teach some Things, but at the same time, I believe in this Area to learn things yourself, is the best way to get better. 
   No Security is Fool Proof, but every time someone sabotages my System, your Just giving me More of Reason to Get Better, to Do Better. Doesn't hurt my mind, I got my Linux Backed up, I write everything on Paper. As I recommend each of you Should. But while one Organization hates, I grow to like Hackerone and Intigriti on a entirely Different Level. Plus GitHub is with Both of them, and No offense to anyone But I'll ride out With GitHub. Those before me have gone through this Same Prediction, So I already was Prepared for the Worst. But I'm thankful and Blessed that All The Gods are helping me out, and I will continue to Give Back.