I'mHello World,
    This morning just waking up, recollecting all my thoughts, and reprocessing my past week of studies. Toss in several life events, and the way I feel Technology is my only hope at this minute.
    Most my life, I purposely stayed single. Why? Because every female I know was strung out, cheating on everyone. What hurts me worst, is not a lie, not that fact a person is cheating. It is the fact that I will never Trust you Again.
    Add in the advancements of Technology, and the fact that 99% of the world is naive to anything any of us can do. It just makes these matters worse. With my religious upbringing, my eyes have been opened up to not only seeing my problems, but problems all across the world. Add in college, it makes you look at things differently.
   At times, being half certified in Psychology, to me it is a curse. Just to be able to catch someone lie after lie, right to your face.I started to look into making a Project of a mobile lie detector. One that would go off your pulse from a mobile watch. One day. But what is the point of Lieing, cheating, snooping, sabbatogging?
  Have you ever come home, and knowing your partner is purposely ignoring you? knowing that several times, has came home smelling like sex and homeless person. Have you ever had them just lie to your face?
  Most people would just leave the situation. That will be one day. A person can only take so much. This is the same with our studies, and work. Humans will lie, steal, cheat, sacrifice everything a person built their Business on. If they will sacrifice a relationship to where the person will do anything for them. Your company is no different.
  But how much can a person take. Some businesses will just resort to paying people off. Some will resort to paying the extortion fees their attackers are forcing them to pay. In some relationships, the victim partner will resort to cheating themselves.
   For me, IDK on my past several relationships, when I knew everything became lies, I started to build up cases against them in a way. Marking down times, dates, lies, smells. I have learned a long time ago, we all have a inner instinct. After I realized this, I go with it every single time. Now I will never understand how a person can cheat, or lie right to their partners face, like wtf 😒?
  But if people are going to do this to the people they love. Images be what their work ethic is really like? Imagine if they will cheat for money, or material bull$. What would they do if someone offered them money, to ruin your business. Or to place spyware inside your system?
  With life, most people become to busy and forget these things. Little signs are what makes the bigger picture. Every lie can be caught, eventually. Every source code can be broken down into tiny fragments, function by function. The Bennifit and downfall of Technology, is that we can truly catch people up in a way, well will never make since.
  Most people catch a virus, they will factory reset. Instead I will use strace, or xtrace and hopefully find the exact Problem. This can go for relationships, to catch people in lies. Technology can be a Blessing, even with it slowly getting a bad name. Just as I wake up today, and refresh my mind with things that hurt me for real, but I don't want to forget.
  Regardless of your situation, or what is going on. Use this as your motivation to continue to get Better. So you can use it as your means out. We as humans no matter where we are, have Rights. I never understood why a female would stay in a relationship to where they get beat or hit. A homeless shelter is better then that. I never understood why people would stay in a relationship to where it's like after lie. Being Single is way better then that.
   But every person has something they use for their motivation, their little good luck charm. When they bad comes in full force. We have to remember the reasons we are doing what we are. Remember the reasons we built our businesses upon on. And at times we may have to deal 🤝 with these things when we don't want to. When it hurts the most. But things can be prevented and look at all the downfalls as lessons. Where did I go wrong? First it is not always you. Some people just steal, some people are just snakes, some people just lie and cheat, we don't have to take these things Personal. Just ensure when it is time, you hold your ground.
   Some of the things that I have been to, I'd never wish upon my enemies. Some of the relationships, that I have been in, made me who I am today. Not the past pleasures, but the Pains. But to channel the pain to make it a positive attribute, compare the pros and cons. Well I have seen this pattern before? Didn't Machine Gun Kelly put that in a song? Wasn't their a similar law suit about the same problem? Use the negativity and look it up, we all have Rights, and Not one of us has to deal with it. 
Why, because trust me it's better on the other side!

Truth is: Remember Karma will come back on them on Ten Fold. May not be today, may not be tomorrow. Could be in 20 years, but the God's and Most People don't Forget.

Proof of Karma: 
1.In 6th grade the teacher asked our class, what do you plan on being as a Adult. Joking around I said probably prison on a Drug Case. I was already selling heroin at that age. On my 21st bday, woke up into Cuffs 3 B felonies Dealing.

2. Someone kept saying they can't text me, and so much more. Then not believing my skills, I asked to put a robot on them. They said Yes. Well next time they attempt to Text me, my number now has vanished from their 📱. 

3. The day I got wired up on my Best Friend at the time. That guy instinct kicked in. A Cop even told me, that he was snitching. I didn't go through with my Gut Instinct. We have it for a Reason. Karma shouldn't of been selling Dope. Should've of took the advice.

4. Businesses have done me Bogus so many times, maybe because I say Please and Thank you, or ak Super Passive on things, so I let BS slide. Karma: I'm leaving reviews, contacting the BBB, filing outside Reports, Contacting Media. Why? Karma 

Karma comes in no shape or size. Every God preaches Righteousness. Do one person Bogus, it will come back one Day.