Hello World, 
  This repo is for my one day investors, clients to better known me, and what I've gone through to get to where I am at today. This is not a good story, but this chapter is just beginning not ending. So their will always be better days.
  Around 10-15 years ago, I got attacked through Facebook and Google. This attack lead to me loosing my 🫆 identity. Every year I have to go through so much BS, just to try and file my taxes. I couldn't file this year, because the IRS did not follow the one agreement we had. Send my PIN to my House. Never Came. To make matters more interesting, on that FB, some girl "Korean", left her Picture flipping me off as my Facebook Profile.
  Several Years after the fact, I got released from Prison. For Dealing. I am 3 Years+ Sober now, and slowly transforming my life, to how it should've been 20 years ago. Several years back, I got into College at The University of a Phoenix. Approved and all for Cyber Security. Well the School I feel was on BS with me the entire time over my past juvenile criminal history. I did 12 years, on my 21st Birthday. Just a kid, self-medicating still over his Mom's death as a Kid. My Mom got killed by a Dr. She was prescribed to much medicine for her body weight. She died when I was 11.
   My family never gave me treatment, never tried. The courts would rather lock you up away, then put you in Rehab. I got a warrant from a judge once because I was in rehab, had a attorney promise me my court date would get changed. They both did me bogus. Catch 22 My dad just died, I was already sober, but the Work Release in that Town is filled with Drugs. No different then Prison, the Guards are the ones brining it in.
   Now while I'm in college half way through my semester, the school gave me a voucher to take my CSCU. First in my family to do wrong, and the first to come back and Graduate College. Turns out the ECC said my voucher isnt good. The School swears it is. Well after filing outside reports, still got my Voucher, someone is stopping me from taking my test. In all reality, what I know now that Test is worthless to me. But it is the point, someone is sabbatogging this.
   Now while approved by the Federal Government to pursue my Bachelor's in Cyber Security, the school started acting strange. On one of my labs, the Teachers name was Adam, a Federal Cop. I caught this lab, inject inside my system. Weeks later, the Cyber Attacks started.
   Every time I made it to a Page, or a Course someone was purposely trying to stop me. Attack after Attack, trying to stop my education. Several days later, my college asked me to provide proof of address, and ID. I gave them the same documents, I used to get in college. Same documents the Feds approved. The Same address my Mom Grew Up In, that has been my families and my home for my entire life. They kicked me out, several days before my Next Semester, saying my Identity was not good enough, some weird stuff.
   I filed several grievances, the School Counselor for the College, purposely never answered any of my Phone Calls. Wouldn't respond to any of my emails. Little did they know, I already had the next few years books, copied, and learned more on LinkedIn Learning then the 14 attacks they teach all four Years.
   So now out of college, making money in the Stock Market, I am the owner of Cyborg Tek. That's what I do, basically should've been a non for profit, because all the people I help, can't afford it. They were never taught any Technology in school. Makes since why Cyber Attacks are Up 150% this year. My country is to Naive to Technology.
   Then after I slowly got better and better on Linux, my Attacks started to fade away. Maybe one or two a day from a Phishing Site, but not much. I still swear to this day, and I can't prove this one yet. But this entire time it has been a rogue teacher attacking and Sabbatogging me. How can the government do this unathorozed?? How can anyone sleep, when you are purposely trying to ruin someone's life, that is trying their Best to give his family a better on??
  Well the attacks have all started back up. This time it is not saying Akamai robots everything coming in is Google. Now let me fill you in on all of this. I was out on a testing Job with Hackerone. Which @Hackerone, This week knocking off all your CTFs. But while I was testing, I came across a Google Vulnerability. I filed this with Google, how can you fix something if you don't know about it?? Plus, Google pays a Million times more then anyone else. As a Business owner, I figured I'd be able to get my Legacy, and just Test, Work, and Patch with Only Google. Why not?
   Well instead, tons of Attacks started pouring into my Network. As per Google Policy, it states if you get attacked, and you can Recreate it, they will pay and award. This is a lie. I went and filed a Phishing Site. Somehow with me choosing Legacy, BugCrowd stole my Bounty. They did not pay me, or honor it. Yet, Google paid them for me! They awarded me, but they said No. Well I'm still getting attacked 24/7, every Update and Upgrade.
   Next I go recreate another Live Attack on my System, my Robots state it was Google endpoint. I go and recreate this, just to get attacked on the VRP Page. I captured the Request, and it was getting proxied to BugCrowd. Once again I stated Legacy. Once again isn't Mandient the VRP Security?? How's BugCrowd even get in this, at this time I Did Not have a Account with them. Id rather go with GitHub and Hackerone. I have not only been at the very worst in life, but I am well educated.If any Customer Support will not respond, will not pay, and will basically steal. That is a Business I want nothing with. This is the Honest to God's Truth 
   I went to College, to become a Tester/Developer. Now every day I try to learn on a Google Page, I get attacked. Today I could not even access any of the courses, that I have been doing for the past two weeks. Maybe it is still the same Teacher trying to ruin my life. Isn't America supposed to be the one Place, to where People Can Change? To where we can Learn? To where a Small Business can be Profitable??
    Instead my Stock Market accounts started getting attacked. They pushed me out of the Stock Market. Is this the way you treat your Own Country Men? Is this a way you run a Business?? I don't know what is going on in the World Today. I can see where everything in my opinion started going wrong. Somewhere the Good guys became the Bad. I have not changed, still the same person. Never been on BS, used to get high. Will never again. 
   But this is the True Story of the past 3 years. Getting Robbed, my Money Stolen, my Systems Hacked, even at Home getting lied to all the same. As both my grandparents were Pastors, and seeing the way the World is shaping. No wonder why North Korea stole 15 million from our Gov last Year. No wonder why Cyber Attacks are Up 150%. No wonder why America is loosing its power. It doesn't matter where you are in the world, at times we all get treated differently. It shouldn't be like this. We are all Human at the end of the day, bleed the same Blood. But where did it really start to go wrong? People would rather attack them help. Rather sabotage then teach. Rather steal then work. Rather invade your Privacy then send a email. SMH and the entire time, just trying to figure a way to make money, when it feels like the entire 🌎 is against me. Had a Birthday Yesterday, didn't get one gift, which fk it IDC at all. But what I got, was tons of DOS for educational Teachings on companies that want even honor me to Pay. What good is it to know everything in Technology, have the Highest saught after Position, Highest Paid Position and can't even make a Dime. 


Things like this, now have the People I would've helped, taught, etc. If they ever come ask, that's Over with. Money is nothing, but the way you treat someone is everything.