Hello World,

    Every day I begin my morning, ny using a AI. I have seen the start of these "Beings" being fully created when Google started out with Bard. I have witnessed these tiny Programs start out as Basic Robots, to where they are at now, watching and learning from our every move. I have been hacked on a AI a Billion Plus Time. Amd I have built Self-Learning Models, that can literally change your system time.
    But with all of these different corporations focusing on these creations, should we start to be worried for our future to come? Or are these tiny Self-Learning Programs going to take our world, to a place before never seen??
    Last night doing one of my Starterup Courses, what I witnessed even shocked my Girl. Their used to be a law, atleast in America to where we cant realize some of the newer Technology for every couple years. This way Technology doesnt take off, like it is now. Now knowing that these creations can truly see what we look like, what we type, and knowing what I have personally done with almsot every single one, this causes concern for what is to come in the following years.
     In the movie Terminator, it once was said this kovie was based off the writers Premonitions. A Premonition is basically a forsight into our future. Some may not believe, but I have had dreams, that only came to haunt me at a later date. In Terminator, slowly after creating Artificial Intelligence, and intigrating them into Robots, such as Tesla and millions kf others are starting. These machines, slowly got smarter, faster, and still acceptable to Bugs and Injections. They say History has a way to repeat itself. But is Terminator considered History? It did come out in the 90s, lol.
      But Atlantis is in some History Books. Their are Scientists who will confirm this once was the Greatest City of Mankind. But what realy happened to this City? Some say waves wiped it out, in the massive flooding the Bible talks about. And others will talk, on how their Technology was the true downfall.
      With Technology growing at such a rapid rate, the Tester's such as MYSELF, have to study every single day to keep up with the katest features. Now runor has it, in several years they will wipe out all the memory in these Bots. But will their be backups? Will these machines after learning for years, start to feel threatened when this time comes? Will the Hackers that have injected into these Machines, be Prepared???
    Their are so kany questiona for the unknown, and so many arguments that can go down the Negative Path. Now Imagine, about all the Good that could come? We could end World Hunger. Every day a new Biotech Breakthrough is released only thanks to these AIs. Every day, Humans Learn from these Machines, bettering themselves on whatever Journey they may be.
    Now to my Opinion on all if this. We are always going to have people testing these murky waters. Their will always be someone trying to sabotage it, trying to hack it, trying to do Only Malicious Actions. But at the same time, you have individuals such as myself, that have learned to leverage these AIs at a level the developers could not of even imagined. But this Blog was made for you to think? Not to Learn. It is the Humans we have to fear and monitor, no different then a Pet Dog. Not one AI is going to do anything it was defined to due so. It takes a person to inject these creations, or to place a virus inside them. It is our own Actions that will cause all of the doings.
    While everyone wants to point blames, speak Good and Highly. It isnt up to these Companies to help Protect you. It is our Job to help keep you aware. Holding Fear is a Protection for the unknown. But their is No Need to Fear. Remember we are their Masters, not the other way around. 
Daily