Good Morning,

    This morning, once again as usual under attack, and capturing everything on my attackers as usual while they probably have no clue lol. However, I just read the latest letter from Ubuntu about securing Images at the Image.
     With this being said, the last time I downloaded a img. I noticed on the page, their were several extra listeners on the page, and not enough buttons or elements for all of us.  Then being fresh to the field, I began to play around with Visual Studio.
     While on Visual Studio, i began to inspect the image. First this was Kali Linux, playing with the Worlds Best. Upon this inspection, the Kali Image I uploaded had several tracking cookies placed into the header of this file.
      How did I even start to inspect this to know? Easy if you have 7zip inside your system. You can access the archive of any image. You dont have to unzup it, or activate the image to see what is inside.
     Several weeks later, after keeping this Image in a quarantine. I tried to activate it inside a man made container. However upon removing these tracking cookies, I set or started some sort of mutation that I had to silently purge in the background to get rid of it.
     With Ubuntus Opinion, I have to agree. For any of us to make money, we have to ensure our clients, Paid or Free are taken care of. Especially if they are downloading System Images that may become their entire system. 
     By me being a outsider to all of thwse different agencies, groups, gangs these Cyber Attacks affect us all. No IP, Region or Install discriminates against anyone of us. The most malicious hacker, and the Gov still all fall to the same tricks.
     With all of this being said, this is one of the Reasons I am becoming a Tester. Their isnt a single one of us, who wants to go get a basic download, just to have to check the signatures, or take a chance on a Image. We can make codes that make the malicious images hold the same signature as the real img.
    But it comes to a point, like wtf 😒. It isnt our Problem. But it becomes our Problem, when we download off their Page, and get attacked. Most of the attacks I receive every single day, arent purposely at me, well some lol. But it is being a innocent bystander downloading a Tool, A Game, etc. 
    The reason I am writing this, most likely the same as Ubuntu, it is on the Developers and Websites to force these New Security measures. Just because they are stuck on HTML, that does not mean javaScript still wont pull out everything with po. So with this Maybe a Developer today will secure their Downloads, or a Client will check their img before they install. Untill then I will eventually Be Testing on them All.
    