     I choose a Interesting Topic Today, "Paper Trails". Why???? Because Records, Logs, Witnesses can help or break any type of Case, Criminal, Civil, Research, etc. Now this will be how to use these in Defense to help Protect yourself from unseen disasters.
     Currently I am in Federal Court pusing against Landmark Recovery. The media for Some Reason and everyone else is trying to keep this story from being Public. This Story, out of everything I see on the News, Local and Global should be on the Front Page and Main Screen for Every Channel. 
    First most businesses have a way of communicating called a "Grievance". This basically is a way to file a complaint. As with my current case, most of the time these Billion Dollar Corporations will try to hide these Reports. If you ever have a Problem with any company, for cruel and unusual punishment, Staff or Medical Complaints, Disagreements, Workwrs not following Proper Policy and Protocols, this is your First Step. Ensure you keep copies, and Always try to find a reputable witness.
     So with this Landmark Case, to compare the environment of this Medical Facility, I would have yo compare this to one of America's worst Prisons "Indiana State University". I have been inside both of these environments. So lets take a deeper dive into our Topic "PaperTrails".
    Any issue, is considered Greivable. However when I first arrived at this Treatment Facility, not one worker was Nice or Friendly. Just because a Person was a addict, is a addict that does not Mean thay are a Bad Person. Addiction is a case by case, as is judging any Human Being. We all are different. My entire life, I get judged because I am on Suboxone, my Past Criminal History, or because I have a six pack and all the way tatted up.
     Upon already feeling uncomfortable immediately upon entering this facility. Clients are coming out by choice, leaving the program due to their negligence. The very same week, several Patients died inside this facility.
As you walk around this Medical Facility, the staff are shaking gang handshakes with the Patients. Patients drinking alcohol put on their Rec Yard, hanging woth the staff. 
    Now as I consider myself a Lau Advocate, due to being extremely familiarized with Federal Laws. As I never want to be in their Bad Sid e. The first week, my problems started to occur. I knew more about addiction then half of their staff. I have a college education in Physcholgy, and have read hundreds of Books from some of the greats.
     Now picture yourself standing in line waiting for your medicine. As the person in front of you is waiting for their medicine, you see the Nurse slide his pill into her back pocket. As I watch this, im like 😒. Now she goes and tells him, he took his medicine a hour ago before Breakfast. I immediately call her out.
      Nothing came of me helping this guy, instead I taught him of the Grievance process. The next day at Breakfast, I catch several of the staff Pointing at me, talking quietly and secretly. Now as I am heading over to the medical line. I make it to the front of the line. And the nurse says, they have No medicine for me. I came in first with my own scripts, my own paper prescription. My Doctor at the time, I would consider a Friend. And she helped me prepare to go, to be prepared for any situation. But how did I take my medicine, wvery day before this? It has only been a few days, and came in with my own scripts?? So I ask her fir a Grievance form immediately, she plays naive, and tells me their are none.
      Immediately I go search for one, and find a different staff to give me one. Explained the situation, not all of thwir staff were bad. The next day, the same situation occurs, but thia time they said I already took it. By now I am deathly sick, not from drug withdrawals but from them not giving me my 💊medicine💊 . Immediately I went to the same worker, only one who would give me grievances. He was aware of what the nurses were up to. So this time, I was prepared.
    Now once again time for my medicine, the same nurse once again. She told me I just took it, and she gave it to me. Immediately in front of her, I filled out the grievance, and held it to the security cameras to save the footage, I also requested for all the camwra Footage to be saved. I did this on several occasions. 
    Paper Trails, Cameras are included in on this.Now nurse ahift change comes, I luckily knew one of these nurses. Imagine this, on her shift they gave me my medicine. Well next one of the Headguys Pat, comes up and literally trys to bribe me with a Vape, to make everything disappear. Im not going for this. I file another grievance because the issue has not been fixed. 
     The next day, the problems get worse. Now the problems start yo get worse. Similar to what i am going through with Google, and other Third Party Vendors. Well now the case managers are resorting yo cruel and unusual punishments. Refusing to send out legal mail for ne, and refusing to contact Sober Livings. As I am a talkative person and usually get along with Everyone, I started asking everyone else if they are experiencing issues. Not all of them were, the Black people swear to God were getting player d up by this case manager. While she is sending her clients to a Homeless Shelter in Gary Indiana Day and saying it is a sober living. 
     I have lived in Gary on and off my entire life. This place they are sending Good People to, have no clue. She does, she is from the same area. Well in this homeless shelter, everyone gets High
     Good People, but not the place for any recovering addict. Now it is my turn to see her once again. She wont accept my applications to the places to where I actually know the staff. She did not believe the resources that I truly hold. Instead she gets mouthy woth me, insulting my fanily and name. Once again more grievances, and requests for camera footage. Proves everything.
    Their was so much more that went on, but that is foe Federal Court or the Media. This story is about how these Paper Trails can be created to truly help put victims throughout the world. Just because they are a household name, or because a company feels that you dont have money for a lawyer, they can do anything they want to you. This is not the case.
    With having ng a Proper Papertrail, this helps build the evidence for any case. Most of the time, these companies will try to pay you off, such as in my story they tried several times. They may resort to retaliation, which two years ago, I got shot at several times, my nobody I have ever seen. They all had South Bend Liscense Plates, but who knows. However these businesses do resort to these types of retaliation, because a story would Ruin their Image. But if these companies actually followed and enforced their Own Rules, no stories such as mine would ever have to Come Out. But in this type of Situation, Everyone should know. Especially for a addict wanting help, just to go to another place filled with drugs and alcohol.
     With any type of Document you file, always make a copy. If you get done wrong by any employee anywhere, ask for that form, tell them to save the cameras. They pick up noise too. They try to bribe you in some cases No Ampunt of Money can fix the thoughts, that now Hunt my Head. So remember copies are key, and when you think their will be No Justice. Remember not one company is greater then your Country.
Daily

Note: Inside this place, Patients Died, Inside their Staff Stole our Meds, Staff Brang In drugs, Staff slept with Patients, Let is sneak out of Windows, Gave Us the Wrong Medicine. And the media Hides This Story. 1000's suffered.
  

Laws: A company has to treat us all Fair. A company cant do on ething for another and not you. If a company says on its Policy it pays for something, By Law they Owe You. Read Policies , and if a Company does you bogus as So Many Due. Get copies, file the paperwork, request logs and footage to be saved. No different then cops fo on a investigation, we have to in order to defend ourselves from these Major Monopolies.