Hello World,
    With my education Basically becoming a Microsoft Administrator. I was taught the importance of Policies, Rules, Restrictions and So much More. 50% of the Cyber Attacks that occur every single day, could of been prevented by a Simple Rule. 
   First lets talk about a Windows Computer. Most of us, hopefully know what a Firewall is. Well, we may know what a Firewall is, but did you know you can make your own Rules in this? You can restrict certain Ports, Block IP Rages, Ban Certain Programs to Stop any and all Incoming Connections. 
    If you are using your own System, Create a Separate account for your Administration Privileges. Keep this seperate from your Main Account. Ensure this has all suggestions, tracking, everything turned off. Create this woth No Local Accounts. No Microsoft or Google. This means the only way to really switch your important rules, etc are to be on this Local Account that has No Email or Internet Access. This throws off every attacker, as now they really cant take your System.
     Next while you are in your designated Admin account, it is time to focus on your Registry. A excellent tool to help Monitor and Clean first is CCCleaner. However, ahow extreme caution when using this tool, as it will wrase Anything. A Registration Key, is where most attackers try to establish a foothold inside your system, or create a custom key for their BackDoor. It is always Best, upon a Freah Factory Reset, to make copies of your original Rule Sets, Firewalls, Registry Keys. This way in the future you can compare any and all changes. Most of the time, any Program you download or Install, you can Google their exact keys, to verify if anything has changed or mutated.
    Now why you are in your Administration Account, lets talk about Privileges. We can design our System for Security, or however your needs are. If you have Guests, you can choose and restrict what they can and can not do. We can create limits, password rules, and So much more. But if you dont do these things, your System is basically a Open Door.
   Now with Google, it is basically the same situation. Just completely different on your control, and where to go about finding all these things. With a Windows System, you are Automatically in control of your System.  With Google, you are only in control if So Much. But is this a Blessing ir a Curse?? Depends on who you ask.
   However with Google, they have Special Pages setup for their clients to view data, become a Admin, and so much more. Im not aure why they make it so hard on anyone to learn these things, because when a Person truly needs to access their logs, they never can. However, I am Learning their is alot more to Google then meets the eye. But with all of this, it is still regardless the same Principles as Microsoft. Just the Google Way. And honestly, from what I have been told, Most Corporations want the Google Way. And this is something they Dont Teach in College.
    Now their are a Variety of tools, we cna use to help create Rules in our Android Devices. Currently their are firewalls in the PlayStore that can help us protect our phones in a way, our attackers would never guess. We also have a Valuable Tool called Termux. In this system, we can incorporate all of our Favorite Linux Tools. Run iptables and ufw straight in the background. While Tor is silently protecting our True Locations. 
   With Technology advacing at such as Fast Rate, and Now our Phones becoming Artificial Intelligence, without us even knowing it is a fully functional Bot. If you Are reading this Today, and you have never done any of this For any of your Devices. It is time to start, while Hackers used to only Target HTTP/HTTPS, they have now began to focus on Mobile Devices. And without Termux, Extra Firewalls, thousands are falling Victim to these randomized attacks.
      