Hello World,

     I choose a strange Topic for today, "Traps". A quick definition is to capture. Such as a mousetrap catching a mouse nibbling on the Cheese. Or a Hunter, baiting the deer and releasing his Bow 🏹.
     As a Market Analyst, and a Cyber Security Specialist, I encounter these things called "Traps" every single day. But how does any of this relate to you, or anyone else. In the following paragraphs, you will learn the reasons why, and how to defend against these the best you can.
     Now we all know about Spam, and Spamming. This morning, I woke up and 8-10 emails, each one contained a malicious attack ir a redirect. Now how can we actually determine if it is Spam, or a Real Person sending a email. 
      First their is a newer tool, called the Spamihilator, or something super close. This is a self-learning AI designed to learn off your actions, errors , to determine what type of content you approve, or block/erase instantly. I have used this tool several timea, and the setup is self-explanatory.
       Another way to verify if it is a Real Email or a Malicious attack, is to check and verify the senders email. You can verify almost any email with any AI. Most of the time, you will spot the difference in it immediately. 
      Next we can verify the buttons and links in our emails. First VirusTotal offers a variety of tools/scans to help you validate emails, links, files. One type of link to watch out for is the TinyURL and Bitly. They take a normal url for a site that they believe you visit or hold accounts with. They then add their malicious code, or proxy to the end of this then run one of the shorteners to mask the url they will email or text you. Most companies will never email or Text you, especially start to ask for personal information. Shouldn't they already have your information, if they are contacting you? 😆 
     Now once again, then Annoying Popups. Or that moment when you type in a website, and your like 🤔. What is this?? The answer to this, Do Not Click on anything you Dont Trust. Their is a thing called a webhook. Basically the name is self-explanatory. You toss out your fishing Poll in the water, and eventually something bites. This is the same aith webhooks.However not all of them are bad, they were created for Analytics and to help sites monitor their Activity.
    Traps. Now lets talk about Investing. In our Famous Markets, in the darkwst corners, in companies you would bever think their is unusual activity. You read the latest News Article. A Major Headline for a New Partnership. You stop, and thonk to yourself. Maybe this will be the one that explodes? The Next Nvidia. So you decide to go buy a few shares. Instantly ypur purchase drops 13%. And now your speechless.
     To help prevent this, their Re several ways to try and avoid these. Nothing is fool-proof, but with a little knowledge you can slowly evade all of these Traps. First it us always wise to backtrack the companies history. I usually go back for 30 days checking the Highs, Lows, The Average, and RSI. 
      Another way to avoid this, is by testing the waters. Instead of putting all your peas into ine Pod. By one share first, to see if your purchase will cause another Investor to sell immediately. This has daved me Millions of Times.
      The reason today, I decided to write a Little Bit about these traps. My entire life, I always have had to deal with this. Parents trying to catch you up. The law trying to catch you up. Enemies or Gangs trying to catch you slipping. 
     For instance on why using several times, at 🏡 I will be asleep. My girl already acting strange, not waking me up qhen she gets home. Several times now I have set my alarm for random times. Only to wake up and here somepne knocking every time. Ask a Question, and no body will say they heard anything. But why would they lie to me? Traps, so thankful for Technology and my knowledge, I set some traps. Only to get heart broken in every relationship that I have recently had. But the favorite excuse is Baby your just making it up in your Head. Reason Im saying this, as a Cyber Security Specialist and a Tester, we have to set up traps to help Protect your Clients, such as Honey 🐝 Decoys, Firewalls, Implement Strict Rule Sets. 
     Next as a Tester, I have learned this several times the Hard way. You think because your with a company and Authorized, they will just leave you be. This is not yhe case, even aith me using Custom User-Agents saying I am a Tester, retaliation still occurs. Now either way Security or Testing, it is a battle if the wits. We have yo evade them or catch them. Both ways, you always have to be prepared for Traps.

Hopefully this gives and helps with a little information for those who need a little advice.
Daily
 
Note: Everyone denied having someone knock. Just now the backdoor pulled open on its own. Little do they know Cameras in yhe Backyard, 99€ on Temu. Best thing, i remember faces to a Tee .
Simple Fix, place Zip ties on ever door that isn't used. Wipe all handles and door for fingerprints. Something goes south, now it wont have any id our prints. Next aint even worth looking at the cameras. I sage Logs and Footage for Raining Days. Next common sense, I had alarms on the doors, they got remoged and tossed in the Washer.  And why the peopeo that day they love me, are dping everything else but show it, I will continue to hetter myself, and help those that are willing. 
And the Truth, if she is really cheating, Id rather be in Jail then get lied yo day after day. I would be gone in one second. But posting this to show People can change, and I understand that some people say it, but really dont. I keep learning that the hard way.