Hello World,
     Imagine being in 10 different places, all at once. Imagine taking a journey, but having 10 proxies all at once. Imagine using a tunnel to create Traps. Imagine forcing every Program to run through One Single Port. Imagine parsing your data to go through each of these proxies, but each part through a different endpoint. 
    We all can be anywhere at anytime. A Basic IP address can turn us into a Different Country. A Simple Robot, can be designed to trick any attacker, tracker, or webhook. The blessings with Technology, allow us to do this and So Much More.
    First Ssh was one of the original tunnel tools. This helps us aid in remote system repairs. This is a command line shell, that has slowly transformed into a Malcious Tool. But the Truth is, this is one line of defense we can use to reestablish a locked out system.
   Now advacing with this, we have tools such as SoftEther, that allow us to build Private or Public VPNs. Unlike most of the VPNs, that I have constantly running and rotating, SoftEther is by far the easiest to start out with. With the initial basics, SoftEther has so many advanced functions, it is worth for any person yo further look into. The best part, it is Free.
    Now Internet Companies are slowly allowing their users, to access all their endpoints throughout the Globe. What does this mean? With the correct tools, we can connect to networks all across the globe, without Violating any Access Procedures. In turn woth the above, you can configure your VPN, or SHH to forward, or oroxy off of these Endpoint's.
    Now to step up, our Tunnels their is a newer tool, called Ngrok. This to me is the best out of the bunch. The features Ngrok offers are similar to Ssh, but not ssh. This is essential and as all the aboce can trap, forward, proxy to anything or anywhere on the world.
     HoneyBee Decoys, are another essential form of Security and Privacy. We can configure these Moch decoys, to Automatically hide our True Locations. We can use them as a cdn, a emergency server, or Send our Clients through these to establish tracking cookies into their System. 
     All of these are tools that we can use in conjunction with each other. Personally, I run remote Robots off mobile devices all over my country. We can use these robots, to randomize everything I just stated above. Proxies, Legit Endpoints, controled and secured through a Variety of Tunnels. Always using strace or xtrace to determine the routes before and after your execution. These strategies are more on ghe advanced side of Cyber Security. However conparing the strengths and of course Free compared to some of the Options that are currently in Play stores, I suggest if your out Playing around, mixing all of these with Tor and ProxyScrape in the background. You will gave some of the Best Privacy around. Toss in DuckDuckGO and now your Local Systems are safe to start Browsing Online.