Hello World,

     The way I look at it, we are all in the same spot. Trying to figure how to make money, when people dont realize they need our Talents. To me being raised in a religious Upbrining, untill my mom died at the age of 12. I was taugt, if your Black, Mexican its not blood that makes up Family, its what people do, say, act that make them Family.
    Thus being said, all these Cyber Wars, I have No Part in, or give a f* about. All these racial tensions across the world, im farthest thing from that. All the country Tarrif Wars, I am not apart of that. To be honest, I get alonf with the Chinese on a entirely different level and understanding. Why? Because I stay myself, I dont switch up, I speak my mind, and I help secure anyone across the world, why? Just who I am. Now that this is out of the way, lets talk details.
    What is a Agent? Apparently I have been making them before they were Agents 😆 💯.What is a AI? To me it is a chatbot that can learn. Just add in a .jpg or some other Inage File, and enhance your security because now it is no Longer Local. But why so vague on this Blog??
    Today, I am about to start on a few Projects, playing around and learning at the same time. What are my goals for all of us? We all have seen how ClamAV started? How Wireshark started? And we cant forget about pur Buddies over at DeepSeek. It comes to a point in life, once you get to a certain stage, learn a few skills, we become in our minds ready to takle on the Big World , but are we ever really Ready? How can we Really Prove ourselves, to get ahead of These Major Monopolies, that try to keep us out?
    Its Simple, it really is. Now me being a hated American because im American. But if you lived a life like I have, your beliefs and opinions qould be totally different. Now First I apologize to any and everyone who has lost a family, family member to war. Not cool. And we all know 99% of these wars, were all like 😳, where did this just come from? 
    But this is GitHub, the land we all should put any and all of this to the side. Now some of us may get Rich from Hacking. Some of us may get Rich from Developing. Some of us, may land that contract, or research that will allow us to keep on Moving. But what if None of this happens? What should we do?
    So, I just missed the DeepSeek GitHub Projects, literally by weeks. Seeing how AIs, Agents are what most Employers are looking for? But most of these businesses discriminate. Truth is, I get it worse, then a random person in Zimbabwe lol, because of my juvinile years. So, how can we all on GitHub bypass all this. For one, if we start attacking each other, going against each other? Who wins? Not us. Cus were all wasting out time Reparing our own Systems, or Snooping and Eavesdropping for what?
    Now on the other hand, the way my mind works, Im full of Ideas 💡. I probably should just start to Patten everything. But for what? Im not greedy, reason why I wont steal. Nobody ever wants to tell the truth, but as some of you are reading this, you may be sitting a clay house, with sand all around you with literally change to your name. Its No Different over here. But without starting wars, resorting to true malicious intent,  what kind of Project would being True 💰, to all of us in a Righteous Way. Dont get my wrong, Hacking, Testing, Patching I love it. But so far as Now, Open-Source aint paying me a thing. And I feel its the same way for Billions across the Globe. And Honestly, if I have to Ill make a Public AI, but look how many their already are. We have to step it up a Notch, and despite us being on GitHub, some of us are or will be some of The Best in the World One Day.
     This Blog was more designed to make each and everyone of you to think? Teating brings in money, so does hacking? But after you hack all ghe websites, we all know the companies were testing on, our going to try and get us out of the way. The Security Companies that cant keep up, resort to doing the same. No body sends emails anymore, well except me. So with everything pointing against US, how can we all Survive to continue to Play??
     If your reading this, take your time today, and look at all these Major Corporations, and what they are doing. Now think to yourself, why be a follower? Why follow that Pack? Im not. Most the time to get ahead of the game, you cant be anything like your competition. On the way UP, we all will make enemies, people will get jealous, but thats Not Our Fault. So with everything today, see what all these Companies want? But is it what you want? Do you think someone will hire you, for creating the same thing against the Likes of GitHub, Google? Microsoft?? Or do we all have to step up our game?? Absolutely. Can we use their 💡? Only if its not in Patent? As I size up each one of these Major Businesses, I can see where they went wrong? Where they could do better? Where their Security let me in, and yet they Dont Believe. So today think, think long and hard, what can we do today, to Make Our Name!
Daily