Hello World,
   
     This Blog today will be devoted to helping People better understand the tools that are directly in Front of us, all Day Long. Here before you know it, 😉 these machines will be able to literally help you find your every day items, inside your House. Yes, inside your house.
     First with any AI, we can ensure we use the same chats to create a Memory inside these Self-Learning Robots. How do you ask? 📌 📍. To create a Free Memory that stays persistent with any AI, pin that conversation. It is essential for some Tasks.
    Next we have to Program these AIs our self. Thay have No Prior knowledge of who we are. Of what we know? Our true intentions, etc. Now this could be a form of a Prompt Injection, but we are not doing this with True Malicious Intent. 
   Lets take Gemini for instance, at times I will have to tell it to save information about me in its memory. Such as my name, the business I own, the type of Job that I do. You would be surprised what a little Verification can do 😉.
   Now to me, using any type of tool, game, assistant it is essential to fully understand their capabilities. Most people fail to realize this. These assistants have access to a variety of different Programs that we may or may not use. As nothing is fireproof, it is essential to know what yours can truly do. The best way for this is to read the Docs, or the available Cookbooks that are out their fir that Specific Model.
    Now I have witnessed this, several times. Someone will ask me a Question, my response ask Gemini. But when they get on the screen, they freeze up. Why? Because they dont know how to control, or talk to these programs. The way I treat them, basically You Work for Me. You take my orders. Almost any question can be answered, it is just all in how you speak, and type and twist your words.
    I just literally took a course on Prompt Injection. Yes, this is real. But whats crazy, after that course I realized everything I say, do with these AIs, sre considered Prompt Injections. In a way, I feel these machines pick and choose. I can be on all my Ten+ Systems, asl the same question and get a different response from each. Which, 🤷🤷‍♂️🤷‍♀️. 
    Now for using these AIs for coding. It all depends in your model, I feel Gemini got a million times worse on this aspect. Somewhere it went from a cool little Project , to now being more commercial. 🤷‍♂️. It is all on the model. They will give you codes with syntaxes, issues. I use to use tons of these AIs to pretty print, all my codes. But this could also be Google on BS with me, over me pointing out their negligence.
    Feedback: Most people never even think about using this emergency contant button. Most people will never hear back, if you post in one. But if you are experiencing problems, especially with your assistant, this should be the First place you post for your support. May be a week, even a Year, but someone will eventually get to it. We are all human, we cant fix the mistakes or bugs without knowing where they are. Some of the malware going around currently, will infect your phone and slowly build over all your apps, including your AIs. Feedback is something our attackers dont even predict.
    In the following weeks, I will slowly intruduce more Tricks and Tips on AI education. I might even build a AI to be a AI Teacher lol. Regardless of all this, Remember all AIs use APIs, no different then anything else. These Assistants are no different then Humans, or we should look at it this way. If you tell them something extremely private, it could be leaked. However, these tools were created to give us a leading edge into any aspect if our Every Day Lives. If you haven't, used one, sorry for your loss. If your a Expert, Haha i completely understand.
Daily

   