Hello World,
 
   Killing a few minutes to get my mind back into my mode. I post bits and Pieces on here, occasionally about me. But what are my intentions? What are my Goals? What can I do? Why choose me for any Project? 
   Quick answer for the Last Question, basically Im pushing myself into everything I am doing. I am the sole owner of Cyborg Tek. Fresh out if college with a skill set, not even my girl believes. And both my grandma and her Yell at me and call me a liar over aome of this stuff. However, I will never jump and day I can do something I cant. God Blessed us with these AIs, these Agents, and Cheat Sheets. On top of my college education, i enhance these AIs to get the education and information on what I feel any college should Teach. While in college, I had to Teach myself Python.
    Now for my intentions, I am looking for One Major Investor. I can build AIs, Test, Bug Hunt, Develop Games, etc. Which I will soon be showcasing my talents all across the Web. Currently I am in the Hunt, to get Honored for my First Trophy. However, being a American I am constantly under attack. Being a Cyber Security Specialist, for some reason everyone feels they need to hack me, which w/e. Just dont mess ky stuff up. Gets annoying after awhile lol. My goals, to get my own shop in a Big City. Focus on Developing sick little Security Gadets, Games, Crypto Stakes, all while advertising, bug testing, investing. Currently all my Investing Accounts are hacked. Frfr. Buy a share, immediately down when your up. Doesnt say much about my skills, but not my clients, or security. I will eventually create a Team, to start patching, repairng, making Money once im recognized as what I am. Most people always ask, what labs have you done. My response, I can name you 20+ transfers right now. Is that a lab?? Just freah on the field, and its harf to get ahead, when it feels like everyone is against you. However, I will never give up, every day as a Freelancer I invest in myself, and learn the Unknown.
   Why I am on GitHub, to hopefully find a Good Paying Job, Contract, Learn, Teach, Connect , Showcase off my skills. A long time ago, I heard most people try GitHub and never make it. I on the other hand, left GitHub to be my very last lesson. Now every site is different and everyy program is too. So Technology is a never ending atory. But thos is my passion. 
   Now on my consulting, why choose me? Nothing to brag, but have lived a life I dont regret, because it taught me valuable lessons that I know use in the business workd. But as juvinile, I was one of my towns Biggest Drug Dealers. This comes the true criminal thinking, but it comes to a point, you get sick and tired of being sick and tired. I put down the drigs, and picked up weights and Books. Now about to start out like Mr.Beast if I would choose anyone. Why? He speaks his mind, people trust him as they do me. Why? Because were Human and not afraid to admit we were wrong, or scared, and atleast I have learned from my mistakes. 
    I choose Cyber Security for my major in College. It is a solid backbone for my career. The work I have put in learning the Google way, Linux, and so much more No College Education could teach what I have learned from Open-Source, Blogs, LinkedIn Learning. Now what do I really have to offer anyone looking to hire someone in my field? Everything. Sounds Crazy, but I taught myself the basics on 100's of tools, several languages and will devote entire weeks to continue my education.
    I am a firm believer in Karma. Do good and Good things will eventually come back. With all of the knowledge that I am blessed to be learning on a Daily basis, I choose to Teach Security. Teach people how to defend against attacks, repair their systems. But being in a small city, no body believes anything. The sad part is, I catch all these people getting hacked on a Daily Basis, and they will never know better.
   My grandfathers on both sides of my family were Pastors. The good in then still runs through my blood. Perhaps the reason Id rather help then steal. I am a Ethical Hacker, by this I mean I love to Test, but I fill put reports immediately. Try to anyways 😆 😢. Unlike most Developers, my Mind os filled with Ideas, and I will eventually get around to creating or pattenting each and every one. But goving my life to Technology, to Open-Source, I have not kade a single penny. Either these places jusge me by my past, or feel they can do whatever to my systems to get me put of the way. Not going to happen. So to anyone and everyone. I am looking for someone to support my Research, which Ill research anything you want, and still beable to increase my knowledge while focusing on whatever task it is at the time. I am certified in so much, i cant even remember it all. 
   They say the most sought after Position is Cyber Security, the Highest Paid Position is Cyber Security.  And here I am  not believing any of that. But I will say this, every day I learn something new, my rates will start to go up. To the 30+ companies that are alwaays checking out my Page. It comes to a Point, make a offer. Cus the day your really going to need one of the Best one Day on America, by then it might be past your Price Range or the answer will be immediately NO. Atkeast the states that I have been to 15+, I never met another individual who could do anything Like I can do. Untill then Patch, Repair, and try to think of ways to compete against all if you, 😆.

Note: One day the Cheapest Dev/Security Specialist Ever, then next fixing to slowly start rising to the Top.