Hello World,
   I am writing this for motivation for myself, and anyone else who Reads. When things get difficult, no matter how hard, we have to realize it can always be worth. Most people want to compare how much People on Facebook, Twitter , Snapchat got it so much better, oh look at what their doing. With Technology,anyone can be who they want. Truth is, things like this, are what keeps me Sober.
   I learned pushing your problems away, never helps out anyone. Comes back a worse situation, or feelings get hurt. I hate getting lied to, and that is one of the strongest words. But what happens normally to people like you or me, The people with power, abuse it. Lie to us, steal from us. The ones closest to us, do the same. But how can we not resort to quiting, avoiding, or dealing with emotions from "Bad Things" happening. 
   Now let's take a different look on things. What I speak on, I know the laws. College, and Prison taught me one thing. The Legal System. Why go against something, we can't fight? We don't have to change, maybe some Bad Habits. But def not fight. Honestly, I hope the right person reads this.
   So in my life, I have had 20+ Businesses do me Bogus. Half the time, the Owners never will know. I had 4 lawyers in my life, do my bogus to. 1. First time ever, laying at home. My attorney clearly told my Father and I, that all the paperwork was handled. Come Saturday Night, someone knocks on the Door. Cops, saying I missed a court date. Mistakes Happen, He did in fact get me out the same day. 
    Now this time, a different story. My dad just died, went to rehab to Stay Clean. Wasn't high. But my best friend died, so with that being said. Not about to loose my life now. Well this other attorney, worthless. First would never ask for my plea, never ask anything I wanted. Next promised me, a court date would get changed.  Unlike the First, Scott Paycheck. This one won't even answer the Phone. Years later, nothing. Add another attorney into this, same thing. What are Phones for? 
     Now I have a Major lawsuit already in court. I was literally going to do it myself, but it became a class action. Well I still have copies of my grievances, I told them to save camera times. Even got staff that will admit everything. But a Year later, this lawyer won't answer my question, won't let me know anything at all. I call, can't set up a appointment or nothing. 
    This problem is growing through out our Entire World. Everyone of us, gets Cyber Attacked Daily. MY. not be Malicious, but something goes on. But in my case, my entire Life, everyone has done me bogus. Why? Because they feel they can. 
College was a Blessing to my life, it opened up my eyes, on how things are supposed to be. I have seen so many Businesses that to the Public Eye, they are like God's. But in all reality, what they do makes my past crimes look like nothing. Only a Drug Case.
   But in order for us not to give up on whatever path it may be. You have to look at things differently. Things can Always Be Worse. Coming from experience almost doing 12 years in prison. The. trying to better myself, just to get hacked on every Educational Page I can visit? But for what? 
   They always say Nice Guys Finish Last, but we don't have to. While people go out of their way, to try and bring us down. Or they are to scared to admit that they did us wrong. Or they get mad, because were growing in some sort of skil, such as Developing. You have to shrug all of this off. Think about yourself, nothing wrong with being a little greedy. Nothing at all. But the little things, are what we have to work on.
   These little things are no different then the mechanisms, we have to secure. Each part of a System, if one piece is flawed or damaged, it's not going to run smoothly. But if we secure and fix that tiny little part, issue the whole System will run perfectly and smoothly again. 
   We have to take this same attitude and apply it to our Lives. One issue at a Time. If we run into a Problem, we can Search for a answer to help us get through. This is the same about our Lives, their our thousand of Psychology Books, that can help us fix these Broken Mechanisms. These are the issues we have to work on, especially if your trying to stay Clean.
   I'm sure this has happened to all of you, some people are so naive. We can have them surrounded by Robots, running Peepingtom watching and observing every move. And they will still lie to us. At the end of the Day, it is about our actions, our responses, our Lives on how we handle things. On how we do what we do. I gave up Drugs, and Choose Karma and every single God I'll Pray To.
   It is changing and patching the old Broken mechanisms in my life, in my body to get me where I'm at today. And where I'll be at in 20 Years, probably advising Elon Musk on some Space Trip 🌌 🚀. The Sky is the Limit, but we have to Master Ourselves to Truly Master anything else. As I learn everyday getting hacked by 20+ people, who would really win, if they had me mad and screaming, crying in the corner 😆. Regardless I'll use their jealousy and Energy to help a couple more People become me Aware, and Better Myself for those around me and Myself!!
Daily

