To anyone and everyone that will eventually Read This. With my knowledge, I am not going to post any more on here. That will never leave me a way to make any money at all. This being Said, if you want to Learn, I will soon be holding Courses for Security. However, here is a little help to get you started on your Path. With my Research most Developers never go through any thing like I do. However, research also shows this is a growing Pattern for the Honest Businesses trying to start in Technology.
   Most people say go take a course, go do a few labs. First doing a Lab, they get inside your system. To me, that is a Instant No Go. Next people will try to sell their services, no different then my case. However, I know what it is like to be at the Bottom, only to have Hope to keep moving on. This being at the Bottom, I never have had any money to doing any of the said above. My opinion honestly, especially being a Tester. Things contradict each other. Such as you can't use a attack that has been used. But they don't want to believe especially a American can manipulate the codes for their tests. 
   Going to a Course, or a Lab you will learn valuable traits and skills. But to get ahead of the game, your going to be learning things that well basically are already protected and secured against. Most of these Organizations only teach 15-20 attacks. However, some Tools you need to really learn. 
   First on whatever language you are wanting to Learn. They all offer DOCS. These are essential to know and understand what you are doing. In Developing, the developers make their first mistake by using things they Don't Fully Understand. Reading through Docs, may seem long and Boring. But it is essential to get ahead. In a world, to where basically everyone is against you low key, you have to Constantly think outside the Box.
   Now Books are created for Reasons, so are Blogs. Not all are of importance or relevant, but you never know what One day you will need to Learn. Coming from a College Graduate, after Learning what I have. Not one thing I learned really in School, can really Protect you from the new modernized tools, that hackers use on a Daily Basis. Technology is growing at such a Rapid Rate, and with Businesses not honoring their own policies and procedures attacks are growing even Faster.
   Now we have these things called AIs. Now you can Not Believe everything they say, or teach. But using these assistants as a Tool, we can use them side by side instructing them to instruct us. You Do Not Need to have any Paid Versions for this. Honestly in my Opinion, the older Models are always the Better Ones, especially with Gemini.
   Another Great resource to learn from is Microsoft Learn. Here you will truly Learn what you wish. You won't be sidetracked for anything, and with any operating system, it is almost the same concept. 
    Now in my profession, the way I learn best is writing everything Down. This gives you copies of everything. I have asked Gemini the same Question from 4+ different accounts and devices, just to get a different answer each time. Another bennifit to writing them down, they can't be spyed on or erased.
    While talking about Security and Magical Files disappearing. My opinion as a Cyber Security Specialist, never Store Nothing in the Cloud. USBs are by far the safest route. As I have informed hundreds, if it is something such as money, crypto, secret files, cut out the risk of Using the Cloud. For half the price, you can get a USB for .99 and store this in a Security Box at your local Bank. This way it is protected by Federal Insurance, you don't have to worry about greedy hands, eyes, nothing. It is locked up in an controlled environment. This way you know exactly everything is Safe. These Boxes by the way, are also Fireproof.
   As with all my cheats, lessons, blogs I post all around the Web. You will never see me say, or put everything all in One Place. I feel this is a unspoken bond for every Dev, even the most malicious ones don't want to get Hacked. 
  With all of this being said, remember if you find yourself reading this, we all go through our own struggles. But it is how we go about theSe Struggles that will Make or Break Us. Every day, I get attacked 20+ times, why? IDK. Does it stop me? No, I don't let it get to me. So remember in this nlNew Day and Age, to where trying to better your life, and become. Dev to get out of your Situation. This may be a tricky and tough Ride. Just never Give Up. Keep at It, eventually you'll land a job, a contract, some sort of way out. 