Hello World,
   Let's talk about Futuristic Technology. What is being Created, and where? This morning, started to watch Reuters World News. One of the few places I believe, will tell you The Honest Truth. In this Day and Age, where most of the Media is controlled, bought out, hacked out, it is hard to find a Real Reliable Source.
   In this discussion, it first started talking about the Cambodian Cyber Gangs. Basically if it is correct, please Don't Quote me on this. But it is so bad over their that every individual Person, Business and Government are now being controlled by these Hacking Organizations. They are extorting, selling, bribing their way to take over the country. Examining the difference between their country and ours, it makes me wonder as a Hacker, who in my country is getting extorted in these same manners.
     Next IT showed a Futuristic Rocket. This was the size of any of our arms. To be honest, I looked at it more like a missile. Like 🤔🧐, but this new piece of evolution, takes a simple at home 🚀, and turns it into a scary concoction, and a Deadly one in the wrong Hands.
     But with all of this being said, what is our world going to be like in Ten Years?? We as hackers, grey and Black, really don't know any of each others True Intentions. One thing, regardless we are all Trying to Seek a Better Life. This week I also seen what China just released as their Public Project. A Fly 💸 Size drone, which that's cool as fk, but Scary at the same time. I'm not scared of China, but what the possibility of our Privacy will be in the future Years.
    The wrong type of people against all of Us, get these new mini rockets, fly size drones their will be No More Privacy. Trackers on Temu for 99©, Mini Cameras 99©. This I am a Firm Believer we all Need Cameras. But in my life time, I have stayed in Several Hotels, only to find these Hidden Cameras inside the sockets, hidden inside the TVs, once again more Fear for our Privacy.
    With all of these newer Technologies coming out, how can we start to figure ways to Protect our Privacy? A Fly size Drones, 85% of the people it will fly past, observing, won't notice it. Why? They are too Busy on their Phones. So as Evolution is Advancing, and Technology is now the Number 1 Job, Goal, Threat, how can we all achieve our Safety, on top of these Cool Little Projects?
    The Scary Part, who Really knows what technology is out their. We can buy a Raspberry Pi, and turn it into our Own Robot, with our Own Programming, and Secure it with Linux, but why should we have to worry about Security, about Privacy, about fearing the unknown? We shouldn't, why??? Because you got People out here just like me and you, and despite it all None of us want any Hidden Cameras on us, unless your a Porn Star lol. But as this Technology advances, US as Hackers, as Cyber Security Specialists, we have to Start Steeping Up our Security Game. Not fight each other , argue over AIs. Their are better things to worry about. Trust Me