Hello, World!
    This Blog is going to be short and simple. We all know of the Term, and Definition of what a Ppattern is. Understanding Patterns are essential for Developing and Security. Now I have been officially trained to watch for these Patterns on a number of different things.
     As in one of my posts, I spoke of my current Civil Claims case in Federal Court. Honest to Gods Truth. The crazy part is, I have had another Rehab resort to similar Patterns. No body, let alone a Business likes to be corrected, told on, fiel reports and grievances against. And knowing what thos other one did to me, magically my medicine disappeared. Day upon my release, disappeared. This center which is currently under another Civil Matter, really did resort too cruel and unusual Punishments. 
     These patterns are growing in the Business world. Honestly, I feel the problems that I am having at home. Are being caused by one of the two Businesses that I stood up to, because I am fortunate to know my rights, and understand what the laws are, as being a Small Business Owner.
     However their is more to Patterns then this. Every software we use, runs in a Certain Type of way. Viruses, run in certain ways. A starting point for any System, is to create several Snapshots. A snapshot is basically makig a copy of all your original files, then saving them to Conpare at a later date.
     We can go through our System Logs, and start to Monitor our Systems for Unusal Patterns. By this I mean, stop and watch all the running processes. Start your system and check. Turn off, then back on, and check again. Check before and after Wifi Connections have been established. Set monitoring tools, to watch your system in your off hours. This one is crucial.
      One way to notive if someone is in your system. Your dates and times may change, especially in your Linux Environment. VPNs do not affect any of that, so this is one understanding that eliminates VPNs on local Debuggings. 
      Now as I am trained on Patterns. I purposely always choose to do things out of body. By this, I will never use the same firewalls, same anti-virus. In a Security Aspect, this is the best way to throw off your attackers. For example, everything I pist here on GitHub. These are just Preview Public Models. I would never just give someone a key to my door.
       So today, take your time, do a little research, and learn how detecting patterns can help your Business. Learn how to avoid using the same patterns across all of your apps, extensions, or whatever you are developing. If they figure one, they will get them all. Think outside the Box, to get ahead you cant play follow the leader. You have to be original, unique to beable to even get the right amount of attention. Thus, all of this being said. Patterns can make or break you. Save your day, or Ruin. It is up to you, to learn and fully understand.
Daily