Good Morning,
   Today starting a little behind. Still have 10 chapters left in my book. But learning each language,and running periodical tests. I must confess. I know someone is in or in the middle of my phone. Now I might have to check my servers today, or check Googles. Let me fill all of you in, and maybe this Idea, we can Take off With later this Week.
    First, Today. Girls off, and have several Meetings with Google and Webull. However several years back when I first started college. We finally started to get to more advanced programs and Testing. Well I rarely ever do Social Media, etc. Unless I'm on their Advertising my skills, services, trying to Make Legit Money.
     Well all of a sudden, during my school courses. I got hit hard. Hard as Fk. They wiped out Two of my Systems, and Got on This Phone 📱. Currently I believe my Easter Egg is infected. Now if this was a a website, I got a code to snatch a egg lol. But Malware is not my expertise.
     Well during the attacks on my system, it was exactly around the Same time to Take My CSCU Test. Like I said they Tried to take me out. Which ever syst m I was on, I bashed myself into their Shell. Swear to God. However, I ended up trying to take breaks to myself and then out, on some kam@-kazi stuff. Because I can rebuild my system , got custom USBs that I can chroot into Any Environment. Well in this battle, whole I was in their Shell. It is to early to remember now, but they used a old school windows tools against me. Linux Saved Me.
      Well these attackers left the craziest payload I have ever seen in my life. I tried to decrpty it everything, it was some sort of Symbols Gemini and myself have Never Seen. Now I know and understand their are tons of Global Problems, probably with all of our Governments against each other. That has nothing to do with me. I just love Technology, and went to school for Security.
     Well after rebuilding my Systems, choosing a flex for my Testing System, as it is a Tank  The Problems became worse. First each attempt to take my CSCU, which trust me, I am way better th n that test. It doesn't mean anything to me now, frfr. But each attempt at this Test it got sabotaged. I contacted both sides of the Parties, The ECC and My School. 
     Well at this same time, trying to get this Problem Situated. I was already Approved to continue my education to gain a Dr Title in Technology. Which once again, Open-Source is the only way to go for Technology. Maybe a different school, but where I went, BS. Well randomly a few days later, my school courses are locked. Their was a message to contact my, Guidance Counselor. I tried for Two Months to contact her, and she never once Responded. I turned in all the required documents, etc 6 times throughout my education in College. The final time, they say none of my paperwork is good enough. But listen here, the Government already had my expenses approved everything. But they kicked me out.
    So as usual, I stated to file outside paperwork, Fk them. To be honest, waste of 40,000$. They purposely kicked me out because of my past criminal charges as a Kid. I just sold drugs, nothing Bad at All. Some of the cops on my home town, I have purposely sold drugs to as a kid. But, some unseen force slowly started to sabotage my career. However, I got on LinkedIn Learning, the entire time of my college career. Instead of doing my school work, I hacked it, and got all the books. And read each one front to back. So technically, I am a Dr. I did all the training.
    Well finally, months later. Not being able to earn my certificate. I start getting attacked every time I visit my schools website. I have to access my old student account, to get to the education side of LinkedIn Learning. But being trained for Patterns, and Odd Behaviors. It is all stemming and starting from my school. What crazy, the first two Years, I had to teach myself every language. Had to read Books, from over seas. Had to watch hundreds of YouTube Videos, to fill in that one missing Question. Then of course, you have to Do Everything Google. You have to learn the Google way. The one way, they don't Teach in our college.
     But here today, as I'm backtracking through my past history. I started to think. I have purposely let and kept some sort of Malware in my System. With Android Phones, I'm good, I know and understand APKs, and made them in my earlier years, little robots none the less. But I have kept my attacket inside one of my throw away devices, that I used at that time. 
    Seeing how someone, or some unseen force is against me. And I can infact say, it's not my Government, unless it is a rogue agent, or teacher. Which they were all feds, and viewing my past history, they have Investigated me on several times, only amounting to Nothing, as I was not Breaking any of their Laws. Lesson Learned, lost to many acquaintances to their Laws, but also have helped hundreds of victims, win in court with their Laws.
     Anyways, I finally hear back from my outside reports. They stated the school said,y documents were not good enough. Even though these exact Documents my own Government approved. They approved 4 times before this. And at this time, I was the only person in each of my classes that knew anything. I taught myself Python at the beginning of the First course. I really did have a few Good teachers. But to this day, I feel one of them, made me their ongoing Target. Well, their other Response happened at the Same time Trump and Elon made all their Gov Cuts. Firing, and laying off thousands. They instantly blamed this as the reason why they won't Teach to me. At this time, my DailysDailyNews was in full force. And I was on 🔥, 47 Earnings Straight $🔥$. However, I got on the USA spending and Did my research. Elon did not cut anything to do with Education. Caught the lie instantly.
    So once again I start to file. How can a person, get a better life? How can I provide to my family, when everyone feels some type of way? And odds are 50% of them drink or get High. Then all of a sudden, I got a message displayed as a XSS attack, and told me Do Not Invest, No Matter What You Will Lose. Several days later, every Trade I do in the Market, I lose.
    Now with all of this being said, I still have this Person inside my Phone. They know I know as well. It is in the Easter Egg, I believe. I thought about running a staged attack on my phone. But I want to capture and see who this really is. Could it really be a Teacher resorting with malicious intent?? Same as my case with Landmark in Federal Court. For some reason everyone is trying to keep all this a Secret. But isn't America supposed to be the Land, to where anyone can start over? Aren't  we as Christians supposed to forgive and forget? Despite everything I did 12 years in the worst Prisons for a ting drug case. They through me in with all the Murders and Rapist. A level 1 with all Level 4s. Not that I was scared, I was taught a valuable lesson. Everyone I used to help out, take care of, anything, not a single one of them, were ever their. People slandered my name, when they were low key, buying off of me. Crazy World, when people would rather lie, then do a self in ventory and work on their flaws, they would rather make them Worse. But I am still on this same mission, to better my life and those around me. However, this same Problem is still occuring. Still a Target for reasons, I'll never understand why? Stop me from my education? Thank you for saving me Money. Stop me from my test. Thank You, Open-Source is the Only Way. Attack and Sabotage my system. Thank You, I learned Linux at a entirely Different Level. Attack me on a Daily Basis. Thank You, your just helping me, memorize all my commands. You sabotage my AIs. Thank You, I'll read a Better Book. 
     Then around this same time, Akamai Technology, started to attack me. I got on X, just to advertise my Market Skills. Help anyone, and everyone make some Money. At this same time, I caught them a Million different ways, with their Robots attacking and Invading my Systems.
     Now, Problems once again. This time everything Google, started to attack me. Even as a Tester, I have been signed up with all the Programs, I cluding Google in itself, and the very First One. And every day, catch them the same way I did Akamai. Like wtf, you really want to see whT I am doing that Bad? FYI, your not worth my time, to snoop and try to watch your activity.
    But in this Day and Age, when Technology is the True Ticket, out of here, and to give my family, and myself a Better Life 🧬, their is always someone trying to Stop me. Like are you really that Jealous that I snuck up right on yal? Are you that mad, that God gave me a chance to Truly change my life? Are you that mad that I will study all day, every day until I ask that Technology Guy?? 
    I say all of this, because no matter where we are in the world. We all get treated this way, at some point of time. Here in my country, if you don't have Money, their is Never no Help for you. Even getting Sober, graduation, and advancing in Technology at such a rapid rate, you would think because I'm keeping People aware, Making Good Security for anyone To use, my problems would slowly Fade Away. But this is not the Case at all. Because of my education, the bad guys think I'm on BS with the Good Guys. The Good Guys want to label me by my Past, and think I'm on BS with the Bad Guys. I'm on the middle. IDGF what any of yal do, just don't do it to me 😂. I'm not out Breaking Laws, Stealing, I'm trying to help the People that need it. And the same Problem consists everywhere, No Body knows they Need it. So today when something doesn't go right for you, when your Boss or Teacher treats you some Type of way. Learn from my mistakes. These organizations, Businesses, all have laws and Policies they have to follow. I may pick up a suit one day on my matter, once I put all the pieces together. And you can do this the very same Way. Every country has different rules, Policies. But no Business, School, is greater then out Laws that made each of our  countries.


What's Crazy, I'm probably already one of the Best in my area for Sure.
   
     