Hello World,
   Let's Break down Google Today. First according to Android, just this Year alone "2025", Cyber Attacks are Up 150%+. Makes since, especially knowing Google now owns Motorola, and so many other Companies.
  In my juvenile years, I was what you call a Gang Member. The goal none the less, is gain power, gain clients, create Better Products, Faster Service. To slowly gain grounds, to ensure you will continue to grow. Most of the people I grew up with, unfortunately caught Rico Acts. The state picked me up, but I was just a kid.
  Now let's compare the Philosophy of the average Gang Leader to the likes of Google. First, Google nor a Gang Leader holds office. By this I mean they don't normally control the cops, Congress, etc. This is usually a goal for future Generations to slowly get inside companies, office to gain Power that they never held before. My great Ancestors the Italians, went through a similar process.
   Slowly over my life span, I have witnessed organizations, governments slowly get taken over. Small Town cops, turning their eye just for a side piece of a$$. This same situation goes on in Major Governments, that None of Us will ever See. But slowly this one company has been gaining Government Contracts all across the World. To where now, what was once Private, is now in the Hands of a Third Party. Major Mistake. History has a way to Repeat itself.
  Now when a Business or Gang gets to big, starts to grow at a entirely different level. Inside conflicts, start to begin. First you have espionage, to where people will die and spy for their country just to get access to whatever it is they are seeking. Add in, now members will start to fight amongst each other. Jealousy, Fear, Greed, Money, Females, all are good enough reasons for Most to Turn on what at one time Brang then Up.
  This is something every Country, has to now Fear. With Cyber Attacks up 150%, are your documents safe?? You can even ask Gemini, and it will tell you a story, about a Secret Organization, slowly making their way into Google, into Microsoft. But for Gemini to say this story, and repeat it several times, could this be True?
   The other day, I did a passive scan on my Google Email Server. It is 100% legal, even to log and monitor. When I scanned my server, their were 8 connections. GitHub which, I purposely let them in. Not that it matters. Caught BugCrowd and Snyk too. Which I have no issues against any of them. Were all in the same spot, trying to get paid, and protect when no one else can. Or should I say will???
   But with any Gang, one person or organization should never have all the power. I am blessed to be a American just for that Reason. But none of that would be Possible without someone standing up. Without someone really trying to make change. But with a organization, holding power for other countries. When will the greed set in? When you have everyone's secrets, what is your True Plan? What as a Organization, does everyone else feel? Are sides going against each other? Are they following their own Policies and Rules . One up for the gangs, I know this from experience, some of them really Do Enforce their Rules and Laws. But giving someone souch Power, especially over any Government, is that a smart idea??
   To me a company that holds so much power, should be labeled as a Threat to any Government or Country? So they share the same beliefs? If they can't follow their own Protocols, how can you ensure they really are Protecting your Secrets, your data? How can you be sure, they aren't making Secret alliances, and sharing all of your info. Napoleon himself, even said, You never let anyone in, that you can't Trust. And when things aren't working, you have to focus on these areas. And Android releasing their statements of Cyber Attacks being up 150% just this year, how does that make you feel about your information? 
   Especially, when there are so many different languages related to Technology. Half of these attacks come Blindly, why? Because their Security didn't know a little Python they only know PHP. They spent years securing against SQL, but what about JavaScript? Then as always, does Gov Clearance make you powerful enough, not to follow your Own Policies and Procedures? Does this give them the right to discriminate? Their is nothing wrong with admitting a weakness. You have to in order to make it a Strength.
   But while Google is training their employees on arp, JavaScript hacking, what does that say about your Items? About your Data? When you are holding every Secret to the World, shouldn't Security be your Number One Goal?? The most skilled hacker, will even admit "It's the tiny things that really let us in". 
  Every day I Scroll through several Platforms, just to help a couple people out on Technology issues. Where is the Customer Support? How can you tell a worker you know your getting hacked, just for them to Due Nothing. As I stated yesterday, their are another million out their just like me. The more I see how Google is ran, that is the reason I will compare it to a Gang. But honestly at least the Gangs stand on their word. If they have something wrote on Paper, and it says it's a law, bet everyone will follow it. But where did it get to the Point, that all these Major Businesses, believe they can just do whatever they want to us? Even a person sitting in Prison has access to a Law Library. I have witnessed people winning millions just sitting in their cell. But it comes to a time, when as People, as Humans, as Governments, will we open up our eyes 👀, and see what isn't going on?
   They try to make you believe you are safe and secure. They try to ensure you No One will read your emails. They try to assure you no one that isn't a Admin can access the Cloud. So if that is the case, how are these attacks up 150%+ not even half way through the Year??

