Good Morning,
    Today I woke up and decided to put a simple Project together. Within the First Ten Minutes, my haters started hacking me, snooping, and Sabotaging my Work. First, if a person has to resort to spying on someone to get Ideas 💡, your in the Wrong Field. Next, if your monitoring, logging, and Sabotaging anyone's work, that says everything about your Ethics. I will pray, that you get your Own Ideas. And a AI, def isn't my Idea. 
    But the Truth is on some things, your not getting me mad, not at all. I feel concerned on how our World 🌎 is going. It is these So Called Businesses that think they can do whatever they want. This is not the case. You will never see me snoop on another person's work, personal life, why??? Cus I have my own!! If you want to see me that bad, I got a couple porns on PornHub from when I was a Kid. I don't have nothing to hide. And the question is, when as a Small Business owner, should I fight back? I learned that Paper Pushing, filing outside reports, they don't work. But they do. 
    In everything a Paper Trail is essential. Every time I get hacked, I immediately on Several Devices send Feedback. I instantly 😂, why? Because I have outside Robots tracking my every Move. Not Google, Nobody knows about. Jupyter Notebook is a Blessing. Visual Studio is a Blessing, why? Typescript, it can help teach you functions that you never knew were Possible. Why everyone wants to hate on me? Am I not using your Security right now? As a Client, should I have to secure my own systems? The answer should be No to every question I just asked. You got your wish, I stopping temporarily.  To get back to My studies. What ever happened to being Righteous? What ever happened to helping the next Person Up, when your at the Top?
    As some of you may or may not like the things that I do. Your answer, I'm Not Here For You. And to some of the businesses that are resorting to childish games, this is just another Reason I won't do your Labs, work for you. Everything your showing me, is a Better Reason to be a Outsider and continue to do my Own Things. How many people did you help this week??? Every Day I find several posts all around the Web, and help People help themselves, cause all of you got so secretive on something we all should know. I understand clearance and governments, but I don't want anything to o do with that, and have No Reason to want to. But while everyone gets greedy over Money. I'll Be at anyone's Price by 85%, on e you want.
So basically every time one of yal hack me, I bring a New Change to everything, Beat Prices, Better Advertising, I'll get everyone to use a AI, and make them all their Own cheaper then your monthly rates. I tried to email every organization on some Real Sh:!, did I even try to hack you? No sorry, I got better things to do.

Note: I will not take on any Hackerone or Intigriti clients. I am with them. However anyone Else, I'll beat their Rates.