Hello World,
    Most of you will understand where exactly I am coming From. Somewhere along the way, Businesses started to resort to criminal activities worse then all the People I grew up with. And that in its self, is truly Scary.
   Awhile back my girl got into her Head, that she needed a New Ride. Well, she refused to let me GO. I am a firm believer in the "Kelly Blue Book", this will find, compare, and give you the Real Price of what your Vehicle is worth. 
    Several times on the phone, I told Both Her and Her Mom, Do Not Buy anything From this Place. I instantly saw the price for her vehicle. A foreign Luxury Model. 17,000 over Price, this is not including all the fees, etc. Nobody listens to me, and they would be so much better on some things if they did.
    Well turns out, it was like a Pawnsy Scheme, of sorts. A whole bunch of different People got paid for sending her their. I bet they did. At the same time , I found the same exact model, 20,000+ cheaper with only 100 mile difference. This was one town over.
    But a car dealership, we all know that Old Fashioned Saying, Never Send a Girl Alone. Turns out the guys ripped her off, tried to hook up with her, and so much more I probably don't know, and Don't want to loose my cool.
     Well sitting here reading a Article, this Very Same Place is getting accused from others over Identity Theft, and So Much More. They blame hackers, but is is our Fault, you guys fail to follow Laws and Regulations? Is it our fault, you don't even have a SSL Certificate over your Systems and network. Is it our fault, NO all these Businesses want to point at All Of Us. When low key, 9 out of 10 times, it's a insider Job. 
     Now this is 3 businesses, That I personally have Discovered on Straight BullShit. What happened to businesses getting Investigated? What happened to the News Journalist that will post a Real Story. By all these agencies slacking, and allowing for all of Us Tiny People to get ripped off, over taxed, everything. 
    But instead of all these Problems getting better, they get worse. Reading this guy's story about a similar situation, him and Several Others all got their identity stolen. When I went in to get a Part changed. Not under the warranty, imagine that. They said 75$ for a single light Bulb. Being a AI Expert, I immediately told Gemini to find me a deal. At Walmart down the Road, same Light Bulb for $9.99 for a Set of Two.
     My girl would've believed everything they said, why? Cus these Guys are manipulating their clients. Part of me as a Hacker, I wish I had Power to really go investigate some things like this. Reason why I choose Risk Management, what ever happened to saying Please, Thank You, even Al Capone would say Thank You to his enemies, I just smile in their face.
     But once again Patterns, I'm starting to think, everything in this World is starting to go Backwards. Th Good Bad, The Bad Good. But unlike all these Major Businesses, they can buy their way out of things, they can pay other hackers to change System Logs, and so much More. But how is that Fair? It's not.
    At the time, I'm in no position to do anything, but Information is better then None. I won't slander this Business Name , not now anyways. I only Speak on things I can Prove. And so far all the things that I can Prove. Not looking Good for the Future of our Country. Why, because all the Victims are people just like you and me. They don't know their rights, or that it is just one Piece of Paper to start a law suit. The Businesses can Buy attorneys with the money they stole. Why a single mother, just has to take it, cus she can't afford to let the vehicle GO.
Daily