Hello World,
   As it is the fourth of July, blessed just to be alive. But so many Humans are naive to Phishing Attempts. Most Cyber Attacks start with a form or lie, or manipulation.
  What Brang this to my mind, my step kid, all of a Sudden wants to be with his deadbeat Dad tonight. His Dad, has not paid nothing for him in 10 years. He beat him mom hundreds of times, knocked her teeth out, date rapped her, and has his method out friends rape her. Facts. Well a lot of things have seen off lately, manipulation.
  First my girl has came back home smelling like a Homeless man several times. This deadbeat lives in a house with no electricity or water, making meth on his woods. Which turns out, nobody knows turned on half of his frienss on cases. Reason he must be out now, on paper for a drug case still getting high, shooting guns.
  But how do females, how do victims fall to manipulation. Fear which I don't understand, go to the cops. It's your house now, like why play games. But it is these acts of manipulation, fear, greed, jealousy that catches the victims off guard. Baiting the hook, as some will say.
  Well today, imagine this. Her 13 year old son, is crying cus he can't spend the Holiday together. She purposely tried to get us together. The old me, we can't even talk about what I may or may not of done. Dude is a deadbeat, can't take care of his kids, beats on females, but can buy drugs. Not worth me going to jail for. Karma, as I know everything so do the Feds. I'm good, their better. But that's not my story or place to invade. Otherwise he wouldn't know.
  But this is how it is all across the world for innocent females, kids all falling to these tricks of artistry. First and foremost No Business is going to text you for any type of information. No company is going to send you random emails saying who knows what. But these attacks are growing. Reason I don't want to test on a Phishing Site. Although Beef is awesome to play with.
   But how can we know if it is really malicious or not. First, you can verify by the Phone Numbers. Just ask Gemini. Next we can verify through email Headers. Depending on your system, you may or may not be able to do this. But their are third party tools that are dedicated to stopping these attacks.
  First we have a program called Spamilator. This is a Self-Learning Program similar to those that I create. This has a default list, of preblocked emails, URLs, etc. It then is designed to study off your actions and errors. By this I mean, if you block several emails, it will block those that are similar. You can also create a whitelist for the emails you want to ensure make it through.
   Next we have third party extensions that are slowly making their names. Such as NoScript, Privacy badger, and several more. Then you have Malwarebytes and DuckDuckGO, that take it a step further. They allow you to see who is attacking, tracking similar to a IDS.
  Now at times, you get them annoying little popups over the website you are visiting. I came to a Point to where, I will never click on one again. They can resemble a normal Google Notification and they are on the increase targeting almost every site we try to visit.
  But now thanks to those like Wireshark, Bro, Snort, etc we have the capability to know a little more. These tools will catch almost every incoming and outgoing connection. A blessing for Every Business int he World. If you are not using one, I suggest a new IT or Admin.
  Now if you believe you have feel victim to one of these attacks, there are several ways you can go about regaining your system. First if you have Malwarebytes Installed, this extension will catch a lot. You will be surprised. 
  First pay attention to your cookies. You can view these easily through your Dev Tools, or the tiny little icon usually kept next to the URL text box. You can see what all sites are on their, at times you will be surprised. You can clear these at anytime. With Technology now, it is best in my opinion to use Incognito Mode. As this limits the cookies.
   Now if you are on a Mobile Phone, you can go to your settings and erase these as well. Depending on your preferred brand, in the Android Settings and clear your catch and storage. The webhooks are becoming more advanced every day. Keeping a reputable anti-virus, firewall, are essential now just for Mobile Phones.
  Now there are a few other ways to get your system back. It is always Best never to save your System History. If you want it on, it is best to have it automatically erase at the end of each session. Then at the end of every day, go back and purge them manually.
  With Android making the statement Cyber Attacks are Up 150% so far this year, I recommend going into a Paranoid State. By this I mean, add a firewall to your phone. Set up Iptables for your Linux with advanced settings to stop key Attacks. Block all your ports that you are not using. Log Everything. A skilled attacker will remove all evidence, but can they remove what they don't know about??
   This is where Agents and Robots come in. We can have these working locally and remotely. Monitoring and Logging anything we can. Some of my creations on here, are just the start to a project. Never give anyone everything you have. But we can create these Robots 👾, to monitor every endpoint. We can link them together like Botnets, but to Patch and Repair. Creating them in different languages, is the way I prefer to most. As each language is special in their Own Kind.
   But 50% of these attacks, most likely were caused by the Victim being tricked, manipulated, or scared into whatever it is. I have seen some good ones, but honestly the last several just made me laugh. And the Truth is, most of these attacks, are not for your Money. The #1 thing is Identity Theft. Honestly, they have your id, your images, social, then they got your money. But they save these, harvest for later dates. Then just as my case, one day it all takes affect.
    Several Years back, while incarcerated someone stole mine. They got me for stimulus checks, and so much more. I am still suffering from this finding out new things ever single day. This year let alone, I couldn't even file my Taxes, why?? Because the IRS never sent my new Identity Numbers.Why, who knows really.
    But in life, and learning Psychology as I have done, reading Freud after Freud. Some people are more gullible then others. Some attacks are more skilled then others. With the Major 7 getting targeted like they do, and at least me being a NoBody, a Zero as some would say. Actually just heard it a few minutes ago. Over me spending a Hour planning our day, just for the Father to manipulate her in some crazy way. The Truth is, he wants her come take her. He's not going to be around for long, if I can spot in one second what he's done, so can everyone else. But Fear, goes along way. But Karma goes further. So with this little twisted True Story, remember every text isn't a Good Text. Remember that link, might not really be from your friend. Remember them pictures you tried to hide, there not that safe. The worst part is, half of the attacks, will use your Own Crimes against you. Yes I did really at one time, think about extorting the baby daddy. Just go give everything to the cops. But it's not my time or place. But what I can do, Keep you Aware, Patch from anywhere. Then while all these attacks are getting worse, cus they all have been targeting security app, after app. Whatever I finally Build , won't be Permanent. But it will keep you safer for a Few More Years.
Daily

Note: But to the Law reading this Now. I'm not breaking no Rules or Laws. But the Truth, I saw on the News today, this Summer is Several States for Cyber Security Awareness Month and they have been going after child molestors. This is one thing, Id volunteer for. Why? Because I have had a Ex fiance, that was raped as a Kid. Not Cool at all. This is a area, I'd gladly help any county.